Krish Naik: Okay, guys, good morning. Can you hear me out?
Krish Naik: Yeah, perfect.
Krish Naik: Okay. Perfect. Good morning. Everyone. Yeah.
Krish Naik: Okay. Now, before we start.
Krish Naik: see, according to our syllabus, we definitely need to start land graph as soon as possible. But it is necessary that we get started with some of the concepts with respect to land chain.
Krish Naik: and how Langchain will be specifically useful and all right. So in this particular session, we are going to discuss about Langchain. We are going to discuss about some of the important things in Langchain and all.
Krish Naik: Okay. So I hope everybody has learned about the previous session that we had right.
Krish Naik: How many of you have probably gone through the pyrentic video and all recorded videos, or
Krish Naik: probably the live session Video, how was it? I hope everybody understood about pydentic. And all right, yeah, perfect.
Krish Naik: perfect.
Krish Naik: Great, great. Yeah. It was nice. Okay, perfect.
Krish Naik: So let me go ahead and share my screen.
Krish Naik: and then we are good to go ahead and start things just a second.
Krish Naik: Oh, oh, oh, yeah, some people are joining. Let me give you another 2 min. Okay?
Krish Naik: Then we will probably start.
Krish Naik: So guys already. Okay, one very important information we have already. Announced the Llm. Ops batch. Okay, which is coming next month. And again, I said that who have whoever has taken the AI pro batch will automatically get the access of those also, okay. So based on that, we already made that particular discussion. And it is already announced in our website. Okay? So that for people who have taken the pro batch. They don't have to worry about anything.
Krish Naik: and they will be able to access it. Okay?
Krish Naik: And just a second.
Krish Naik: what is AI pro batch AI pro batch basically means you will be able to access all the
Krish Naik: all the batches from Krishnack Academy. That is the main agenda over there.
Krish Naik: and after that we are again coming up with many batches. So can you just see my screen? Can you give me a quick confirmation if you're able to see my screen.
Krish Naik: I need to subscribe to the AI pro batch. You can directly contact our counseling team after the class.
Krish Naik: and you'll be able to do it. Okay.
Krish Naik: okay, perfect. And there are a lot of things that are coming up in the pipeline. I'm also see what I have actually observed by taking multiple batches. Most of the people are only focused on
Krish Naik: in in companies, they are just focusing on building rag application. Do you agree with this? Yeah.
Krish Naik: Nowadays, companies are just focusing on building rag applications, multimodel rag.
Krish Naik: And all right. So we are designing one kind of syllabus wherein we focus only on rag, so that you will not have to worry about. Like all the different types of Rag and AI agents, how to probably go ahead and create it. So that is also in our plan.
Krish Naik: Okay? And the best part will be that that syllabus that you will be seeing right, for this will be quite amazing.
Krish Naik: Here. The main aim is to probably say even you'll be seeing that in rags we can develop multiple things. We can develop multi model. We can develop documents with text and all. And all right. So we really want to crack that part. And I'm already working with my team. Once we are able to crack each and everything. Then
Krish Naik: trust me, that will be again available to all of you. Once we probably do that
Krish Naik: we are still in that stage wherein we go ahead and implement the best thing out there. With respect to rag also. But what I've seen many people are doing just that thing.
Krish Naik: 80 percentage of the time. You know, they're just developing all the specific things itself.
Krish Naik: Okay, now, let me do one thing.
Krish Naik: Let me talk about the agenda. What we are basically going to do. Okay.
Krish Naik: so this is the date 3.
Krish Naik: Today in the day 3, the agenda.
Krish Naik: we are going to get started with line chain.
Krish Naik: We're going to get started with Langchin.
Krish Naik: Then we are going to get started with Lang Smith.
Krish Naik: 3rd thing we will, whether it is Openai Api key.
Krish Naik: whether it is open. AI Api key, or whether it is Grok.
Krish Naik: we we are going to set it up in our projects.
Krish Naik: and then we're going to start our coding.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: So everything we are going to probably do today. Okay? As suggested.
Krish Naik: One very important thing is that
Krish Naik: please try to focus over here. Okay?
Krish Naik: And yes, Gemini. Also, you can use anything you can use. I will also show you, will. We will. I'll tell you how to probably go ahead with the documentation, each and everything. Okay, and how to probably go ahead and start with this.
Krish Naik: openai is not available in Aws. It is not available, we will focus more on bedrock if you are focusing on aws, so that will be coming in the later stages. 1st of all, let's start with Langchain itself. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, everybody ready? Yes, I hope everybody have
Krish Naik: actually created this particular pydentic in the last chat. Yes, yep.
Krish Naik: So let's go ahead and start working on this and this time, what we are basically going to do is that step by step, we are going to go ahead right
Krish Naik: in our previous session. I have already spoken about 2 important things. Okay.
Krish Naik: what were the 2 important things that I told you that, hey? You need to probably go ahead and create your Openai Api key. You need to have Grok Api key. And all right. So step by step again, I'll show you how to probably go ahead with it. Okay? And I told you even to put 5 $5 credit in your Openai account that is just required, so that we start with openai things, and we'll be able to do it.
Krish Naik: Now, the 1st thing what I'm actually going to do I'll go to grok.com. Okay?
Krish Naik: So in the grog.com. I will just go ahead and write. I'll go ahead and click on dev console. Okay.
Krish Naik: once I go ahead and click on dev console.
Krish Naik: It'll ask me for the login I have already logged in. So please everybody, go ahead and log in inside your grok.com console dot grok.com.
Krish Naik: Okay, okay.
Krish Naik: Now, here you are able to see there is something called as Api skis. Right
Krish Naik: now, in order to create the Api key. I will just go ahead and click on, create. Api key.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: And this will basically be my Api key itself.
Krish Naik: I can go ahead and write any name for this particular Api key. Let's say I will go ahead and write lang chain test.
Krish Naik: and I'll go ahead and click on. Submit.
Krish Naik: So everybody, please go ahead and do this particular steps. Okay, as soon as you submit, you will be able to get this Api key. Starting with, Gsk, okay.
Krish Naik: guys, are you able to see my screen.
Krish Naik: Yes or no.
Krish Naik: Some people are still saying that they are going in that 2 G world, sir. I cannot see my screen.
Krish Naik: I don't know in which world they are. I've already shared my screen from the 1st instance. I started my session, so I cannot see my screen, sir. I am not able to hear you, sir. Where are you? Right?
Krish Naik: So please have a good Internet before you join any live sessions. Okay.
Krish Naik: clear everybody. Please do this particular step.
Krish Naik: and just let me know whether you have created your secret key or not. Okay.
Krish Naik: once you create a secret key, let's say you start with something like Gsk, just copy this.
Krish Naik: And now go to your environment. Go to your project
Krish Naik: here all the all the keys that you will be seeing. Okay.
Krish Naik: all the keys that we are going to basically use. We are going to go ahead and write dot env file. Okay, now, this dot env file will have all the Api keys that you're specifically going to use. Okay. And here we will make a list of it. So 1st of all, let's go ahead and write Grok. Underscore Api. Underscore Key is equal to.
Krish Naik: And here we are just going to go ahead and write the key name. Okay, the key name will be nothing but rock underscore. Api underscore key. Okay, this will be the key name. And here we are going to paste the key. Okay.
Krish Naik: everybody clear.
Krish Naik: Don't just copy my key, guys. Okay, not good habit. Just go ahead and use your own key.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: so this will best be first, st my Api key. Now, similarly, what we'll do, we will go ahead and create some more keys.
Krish Naik: The another key that we are going to use is nothing but land chain underscore Api underscore key. Okay.
Krish Naik: then this will be one key.
Krish Naik: And the next key that we are specifically going to go ahead and create so that we start using it is nothing but open AI
Krish Naik: underscore Api underscore key.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Then the next key that we are specifically going to use is
Krish Naik: Grok Api key is done. Openai Api key key is done. Langchain underscore Api key is done. Langchain underscore Api Key is specifically for using Langsmith.
Krish Naik: Okay, so if you go to langchin.com.
Krish Naik: And if you see some of the documentation in Langchain, okay, so here
Krish Naik: this, all things we are specifically going to use right over here.
Krish Naik: Here there are multiple components like integration, Langchain, lang, graph and all. Now, you may be thinking, Krish, why we are basically using this particular key, because we need to debug in the Langchain cloud.
Krish Naik: So the place where we debug our application, it is basically called as Langsmith. Okay. Langsmith.
Krish Naik: So in this Langs method is just like a cloud platform where you'll be able to do the debugging. You will be able to do the playground. You will be able to do the prompt management, you will be able to do the annotation, testing and monitoring. Okay, now, one very interesting question, sir. Key, got created, but not able to copy. Now, what should I do, guys tell me?
Krish Naik: Hmm!
Krish Naik: What should I do for this kind of question? Key got created, sir, not able to copy. Now, I have to also show how to copy and paste.
Krish Naik: Very good.
Krish Naik: So here, what we are basically going to do is that we are going to probably go ahead and create this particular Langsmith right? Langsmith account.
Krish Naik: So Langsmith account here. What we are basically going to do is that we will go ahead and write Langsmith over here in the Internet. Okay?
Krish Naik: So here you'll be able to see Langsmith is over here. Then we will go ahead and click on. Sign up.
Krish Naik: Okay, sign up.
Krish Naik: Now, once I'm doing the sign up on Langsmith, I will try to do it with the Google. Okay, so here, I will just go ahead and do it. Google
Krish Naik: Langsmith is commercial. Shouldn't we use Langfuse? It is free for some amount of request. So it is good that
Krish Naik: we try to probably go ahead and use Langsmith because it has some amazing feature. Okay.
Krish Naik: so once you log in into Langsmith, the next step will be that. Please go ahead and click on settings.
Krish Naik: Okay, settings over here.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Balu again. In the 1st session itself, I have suggested, don't use Company Laptop
Krish Naik: Company Laptop will have lot of restrictions. Okay, you need to probably go ahead and get an Admin access. Okay, if you do not have an admin access, then it will be very difficult for me to teach, because without this how you'll be able to understand Langsmith, you cannot do it locally right
Krish Naik: if you want to probably do it locally, then there will be another way.
Krish Naik: The next thing is that somebody is saying that use Google. Collab. See? I don't want you all to use Google Collab, because we will. We are going based on some kind of project structure. Wise. Okay.
Krish Naik: okay, so everybody see, after you log in into the Langsmith. Then you go to settings. Okay, now, in the setting, you can go ahead and create your Api key. So once this, this Api key is basically to use the Langsmith cloud. So here, I'm just going to go ahead and click, click on create Api key.
Krish Naik: This has 2 options, personal access token service key.
Krish Naik: So here I will just go ahead with personal access token. So I will say, blank chin
Krish Naik: test. Okay? So this will basically be my description of the key, and I'll create the Api key.
Krish Naik: Once I get the Api key, I'll copy this over here.
Krish Naik: and I'll again go back to my
Krish Naik: env file, and here I will paste it.
Krish Naik: Okay, here I will again paste it.
Krish Naik: Is it a best practices to keep the in environment variables in this. Yes, obviously without this.
Krish Naik: In once we go to the production again, I will show you how to probably save this environment, variable and all. But always remember, we basically use a dot env file whenever we want to probably develop a project.
Krish Naik: Okay, so done with this 2 Api keys. Everyone.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: 3, rd Api key is Openai Api key. I will not share my Openai Api key, but I would suggest, please go ahead and upload it. Grok is free.
Krish Naik: Please go ahead and upload your Api key.
Krish Naik: Everyone.
Krish Naik: I will stop sharing for some time.
Krish Naik: but just update your Api key with respect to the open. AI Api key. Okay.
Krish Naik: I cannot share my opening. Api key this last time this only happened.
Krish Naik: People are very, very smart over here. Okay.
Krish Naik: people are definitely very smart.
Krish Naik: What they did, you know, last time they took my, I'm I'm developing a product right? So that production key they took. And they used for what? All purpose I don't know.
Krish Naik: In a day I got $100, Bill. Okay, so I cannot trust anyone
Krish Naik: very difficult to trust people nowadays.
Krish Naik: Okay, done everyone.
Krish Naik: So I have made the changes in the dot env file. Okay?
Krish Naik: And I'd suggest you also go ahead and make it okay.
Krish Naik: Great.
Krish Naik: We all love jugars or can't help it. But $100, Billy, are how much tokens they have actually generated, you know, 800 k tokens. I don't know what they were doing.
Krish Naik: how they can generate so much tokens.
Krish Naik: So I will create a second folder, and I will write line chain basics, linechain basics. Okay?
Krish Naik: So for Langchain Lang graph Langsmith. Same Apis. Yes.
Krish Naik: So are you able to see my screen? Everyone?
Krish Naik: Yes, they definitely may have generated some ghibli images and all. Okay.
Krish Naik: Ghibli, Ghibli, Ghibli, they'll do just Ghibli Ghibli.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: now, the 1st file. Now, everybody just focus over here. Okay, and remember this project. We have already created in our 1st session. The same project will continue by creating another folder until we complete lang graph. We will be focusing on the same project. Okay.
Krish Naik: clear. Okay.
Krish Naik: sir. Can you quickly show the dot env file? Now, how can I show you the dot env file here
Krish Naik: just now? I made those changes. Now.
Krish Naik: I told you we are going to create 3 environment variables. One is for open AI underscore Api underscore key.
Krish Naik: It'll be something like this.
Krish Naik: Then you give the key name. Then you have Grok Grok underscore Api underscore key. Okay?
Krish Naik: Then the next one is basically what
Krish Naik: the lang chain. Right? So Langchain underscore Api underscore key
Krish Naik: Langchain underscore Api underscore key.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: clear.
Krish Naik: Now, you may be thinking, Krish, okay, see, with respect to Openai Api key how to create it. So just go to Openai and search for Apis. Openai Apis.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Get a malik. It should not be Langsmith underscore Api key, because Langchain documentation says that it should be with this name, Langchain underscore Api underscore key. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, do you see this? Everyone? Okay?
Krish Naik: And as soon as I go ahead and see over here there is something like playground dashboard each and everything. Okay, so like this, if you go ahead and click on dashboard.
Krish Naik: then there is something like Api keys.
Krish Naik: And here you can see that I've created 2 different Api keys.
Krish Naik: You just go ahead and create the Api key. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, if you go to usage
Krish Naik: here, you can see that usage is also there. You can also go ahead and explore the usage part. You can also go ahead and set your Billings how much things you basically want each and everything. If you go ahead and click on settings.
Krish Naik: there is something like billing. Okay, here, you can add credit.
Krish Naik: Just click on this settings.
Krish Naik: And here you can add the credits. Okay.
Krish Naik: mamita, I'll explain why Grok was basically used. Okay, so Grok actually provides you lot of different open source models. Okay, to use like Quen deep, seek Gamma 2. These all are like open source models. If you see Lama 3, and probably soon Llama 4 will also get added over here.
Krish Naik: Openai provides you. Openai related models. So if I just go ahead and search for Openai models
Krish Naik: here you'll be able to see. You'll be able to get an excess of Gpt. 4 0. 4.1 0, 4 mini. O 3. All the specific models right?
Krish Naik: And with the help of this specific models, you should be able to implement any application. So here you have Dali 3. Here you have tts for audio. You also have gpt 4 0 mini tts. Right then you also have transcription features, and all right. Should we also have get access to hugging face. I will talk about it hugging face. We will do it in the later stages. Okay.
Krish Naik: so all these things are there
Krish Naik: now. Similarly, you can do it for cloud. O for Cloudy, for from anthropic you can use any kind of Llm. Model. See, Llm. Model is a circle of life. Every company will come and say, Hey, we have the best model out there
Krish Naik: tomorrow. Again, the one day I just posted every company is fighting just to create the best model. Okay, today, Google will come tomorrow. Anthropic will come. Then again, Openai will come. So this all will keep on happening. Okay, the main thing that you really need to learn is that how to use an open source framework in order to build any application by using any of these specific models?
Krish Naik: Yeah, clear, yeah, yes or no. See what we really want to develop. See?
Krish Naik: See?
Krish Naik: For as as a person working in the company, right?
Krish Naik: There are a lot of companies. Right? Let's say, one is Google, second, one Facebook.
Krish Naik: Sorry. No, I'll not write Facebook. It is in Meta.
Krish Naik: Meta.
Krish Naik: 3, rd aws, 4, th anthropic.
Krish Naik: 5.th
Krish Naik: Tell me, open AI, right.
Krish Naik: 6th Microsoft.
Krish Naik: Any other company that I missed?
Krish Naik: 7th
Krish Naik: grok.
Krish Naik: Right?
Krish Naik: Forget about deep seek. And all right.
Krish Naik: Google. They are working on their Gemini models.
Krish Naik: Meta. They are working on their lama models.
Krish Naik: Aws is a cloud platform, right anthropic.
Krish Naik: They are working on which models cloudy.
Krish Naik: right? Openai Gpt's model. Gpt. 4.1. This, that whatever model it is there
Krish Naik: Microsoft is again a cloud grock.
Krish Naik: Again they are working on their reasoning models and all. So
Krish Naik: now here you are observing anything right?
Krish Naik: Obviously, Google, is there Meta, is there
Krish Naik: anthropic? Is there? Openai is there? And Grok is there?
Krish Naik: They'll keep on working on this specific model. They'll say that, hey, we are building the best model out there. Okay.
Krish Naik: you know, who is funding anthropic aws.
Krish Naik: Aws, is funding anthropic who is funding Openai.
Krish Naik: Microsoft, Google is self-funded, right? Grok is also self-funded. Yes.
Krish Naik: But when I say self-funded, that is basically enormous, is just focusing on this particular company. Right? So tomorrow you'll be able to see Microsoft in their cloud platform. You'll have all the open AI services
Krish Naik: aws in their platform will have even the cloudy services. And all right.
Krish Naik: So this is how the story is basically going on, you know, to Meraka, to Metherakat Tunga like that.
Krish Naik: That is, what is the entire story. So focus on building applications. Right now, we'll focus on building application in India. Yes, there are companies who are also building their own linguistic model.
Krish Naik: They're like, even they are collaborating with governments and all. And they're doing some amazing work.
Krish Naik: Okay, crew Trim. I don't know. I don't believe that products of that company okay, anyhow.
Krish Naik: But other than that, I feel that. Yes, it is good
Krish Naik: right now. Microsoft and Aws will hardly work on their own model itself. They'll focus more on supporting this so that they can directly use it in the cloud. Okay.
Krish Naik: so I hope you got a clear idea, but our main aim should be that we should try to build generative AI applications. Clear clear.
Krish Naik: Now let's go back over here.
Krish Naik: So in in Openai you have all the specific models. We'll be using any of these models to doing to do our task. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, let's go back to our code.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: so I hope you should have updated this. Okay, so just go ahead and save it in dot env file. I've just written dot envy. We just need to rename this and update all this Api keys. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, there is also one more very important thing in Langsmith. Right? You'll be seeing that one is that we create an Api key. Second, if you go to the tracing project section here, you'll be able to see there are some project name like getting started Langchain. One course line graph like getting started lang chain all this kind of a name of the projects.
Krish Naik: So here, what we'll do, we'll also go ahead and define in our env about our projects. Okay, like we should define a key which will have Langchain Underscore project is equal to some name. Okay? So we will just go ahead and create one more variable or one more key over here, which is nothing but lang chain
Krish Naik: underscore project. Okay.
Krish Naik: so here we are going to specifically go ahead and write our project. Name, agentic, 2.0.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Clear everybody clear.
Krish Naik: Yes, this same thing.
Krish Naik: I will go ahead and update in this dot. Envy. Clear or not, guys, you can go ahead and write your own project name so that you'll be able to trace
Krish Naik: the information based on this specific project. Okay, so I will just quickly go ahead and update this in my dot env file.
Krish Naik: Okay? Because I cannot believe people. So that is the reason I'm hiding everything. Okay?
Krish Naik: Done clear everyone.
Krish Naik: Now, please focus on the session over here.
Krish Naik: So I'm saying that
Krish Naik: I'm going to go ahead and update this specific project information or project name as a key over here. The reason is very simple, because in the Langsmith, whenever any tracing happens, you can trace it based on some kind of project names. And this project names you can actually define
Krish Naik: clear.
Krish Naik: Do I need to create the project? No need to create a project. No need to create any project over here. Automatically, we have configured in our coding. Okay? And here we are specifying this 4 important keys.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Openai, Api, Key, Grok, Api Key, Langchain, Underscore, Api Key and Langchain project, and I've already shown you how to create the keys. Go to setting
Krish Naik: and just go ahead and create the Api key. So here you'll be able to get the Langsmith Api key. So is it clear. Everybody now knows how to create the Api keys.
Krish Naik: Yes, yes.
Krish Naik: So for some people who have joined late. Please wait after the class, and you can ask your doubts again. There will be someone to help you out out there. Okay.
Krish Naik: great sir. Can you show for Openai once again? Openai is very simple.
Krish Naik: That is the reason why, I tell you, hey, go ahead and work on these things right? I told you in the last class itself no one did it.
Krish Naik: There's many people who did it right.
Krish Naik: Now go to settings.
Krish Naik: And here you have something like Api Key.
Krish Naik: and just go ahead and create the Api key.
Krish Naik: Yeah, it is a good practice. Okay, you need to have that in dot env file.
Krish Naik: Great.
Krish Naik: Now let's go ahead and start. Now, everybody focus over here.
Krish Naik: You stop doing anything, because I will be doing the coding now, and you all need to focus and understand how things are right, how things are over here right? Because step by step. I will also show you how to do the installation, each and everything and all. Okay, how to install the libraries and all. Okay, so please focus over here completely. Okay.
Krish Naik: clear guys, whoever have come late, you will be
Krish Naik: so this will get automatically traced because of this Api key.
Krish Naik: Clear, clear Akansha, since we have configured the Api key already. Langchain Api Key, how did you get the Langchain Api key? That also, you know, right
Krish Naik: then, on this particular project name. This 2 will be in sync.
Krish Naik: and whenever we try to hit any kind of Llm. Models automatically, that tracking will happen clear, you'll be able to see it. Don't worry.
Krish Naik: It's okay. Don't worry. I will show you when it comes. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now let's go ahead and create one file. Getting started getting started line chain, dot ipy.
Krish Naik: Now, what we need to do in the 1st instance, once we basically go ahead and create our IP Ynb, because we are going to initiate. Sorry
Krish Naik: because we are going to initially work with Jupyter notebook. I will go ahead and select a kernel.
Krish Naik: and here we will go ahead and select my Vnb.
Krish Naik: Now, the 1st code that I need to write. Okay.
Krish Naik: see, I have all the environment variables in the dot env file. What do we have in the dot envy file all the environment variables. Okay, we have the Api keys. We have
Krish Naik: open AI Keys. We have even Grok Api keys. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, the main important thing is that, how do we import all these keys in our code?
Krish Naik: Clear. So for this, what I will do, I will 1st of all import. OS,
Krish Naik: okay? And then I will write from load underscore.
Krish Naik: Now see this. Once I write import. OS, this is working fine.
Krish Naik: Now, my question is that, how do we import all the environment variables from the dot env to the code? Can anybody guess it?
Krish Naik: Don't write the code focus over here. Focus over here.
Krish Naik: How do we load the environment variable directly to in our code? Okay, that is my question. Yes.
Krish Naik: there is one very important library, which is called as load underscore dot env.
Krish Naik: and for that we need to install a library, so I'll go to requirement dot txt.
Krish Naik: and here I will just go ahead and write python, dot ENV,
Krish Naik: right? So this python dot env is responsible in loading all the environment variables in our code.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: this is one of the libraries that we are basically going to use the another library that we are going to use since we are going to work with Langchain. It is nothing but Langchain itself.
Krish Naik: Right, Langshin.
Krish Naik: Then we are going to use Openai with Langchain. Right? So for that, we will be using Langchain Dash Openai.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Then we will be using Langchain dash Grok.
Krish Naik: since we also have to use grok right? And since we are also going to use some of the integrations in Langchain.
Krish Naik: So for this we need to upload 2 more important libraries. One is Langchain, Core and Langchain community
Krish Naik: done everyone very simple.
Krish Naik: Hi, Krishna, Kumar! Are you seeing it from a mobile phone, or how you're attending the class guys? Is my code visible or not? I've zoomed in completely right.
Krish Naik: He's seeing it from a mobile phone, sir.
Krish Naik: Please see it from your laptop. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, Langchain. Underscore Langchain underscore community. So we are done this right
Krish Naik: now it's time that we go ahead and install all these specific libraries.
Krish Naik: Okay, now, in order to install all these libraries.
Krish Naik: what do we need to do? I'll open my command prompt. I will activate my Vnv environment. Remember the installation should happen inside this Vnv environment, the virtual environment.
Krish Naik: So how do I write this I will write pip, install
Krish Naik: minus our requirement dot txt, right? So my installation will start taking place.
Krish Naik: Okay, minus r requirement dot txt
Krish Naik: clear.
Krish Naik: So is this installation very simple. See, I've just updated all my libraries that I'm going to specifically use, and whenever any kind of requirement is required in the later stage. Whenever I get one error, I will show you how to fix that error by the installation. Okay.
Krish Naik: so here you will be able to see that my installation is basically happening.
Krish Naik: Yeah, it's very simple. Guys, pip install minus r requirements dot txt requirements dot txt.
Krish Naik: Okay, Shirikant, we will move towards UV also, in the later stages. Don't worry right now. Let's start with some basics. Keep your cup empty.
Krish Naik: but you have your env activated right? Yes, I have my env activated
Krish Naik: how to activate it. Just go under activate Vnv that already we have seen in the last class, right?
Krish Naik: And then we have just gone and written the PIN stall minus our requirement dot txt.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: guys, I will not enable the chat to everyone. The reason is very simple. Please focus on the class. I don't want you all to disturb anybody else.
Krish Naik: If you are joining late, if you are coming in other other circumstances I cannot delay the class. The reason is very simple.
Krish Naik: I want to maintain a momentum in this particular class. There are some prerequisites that you should already know every class. I talk about all the specific stuff. Okay, before the batch started I told you that there are some prerequisites. These all are some basic things that everybody should know, agree or not.
Krish Naik: Don't you think you're coming for this agentic? AI, 2.0 batch?
Krish Naik: And you should know all this specific thing right
Krish Naik: if I go ahead and waste my time in showing you how to activate the environment
Krish Naik: will not entertain those questions. Okay, great.
Krish Naik: Now, everybody. It is done right. So my installation is perfectly done. Now I'll go back over here.
Krish Naik: Now the question rises, Krish. Fine! We have done this. Now tell me how to load the environment variable.
Krish Naik: Now, in loading the environment variable, I will just go ahead and write from dot env import load underscore
Krish Naik: dot env.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: And I will just go ahead and initialize load underscore dot envy.
Krish Naik: So once we specifically write like this, so let me just go ahead and close this and bring it again.
Krish Naik: Okay, I'll just go ahead and execute this. Okay, so here, what we have done
Krish Naik: here simply, we are loading load underscore dot env.
Krish Naik: so that we are able to bring all the environment variables that is saved in the dot envy file.
Krish Naik: Okay, this is really important.
Krish Naik: Now the question rises, Krish. Fine. Now we know how to probably go ahead and bring all the environment variable
Krish Naik: over here. Right.
Krish Naik: Janbala, you have to install Dot env. As I said, please don't go ahead and write your code right now, please focus over here everyone. Otherwise I'm going to disable the chat. Okay, focus over here. You don't have to do anything. I will disable the chat. Please focus over here what code I'm writing and what steps I'm following don't do anything other than that. Okay.
Krish Naik: here. I told you that we will go step by step. Then you can watch the recordings and do the same step. Okay, so 1st step is that you go ahead and import all these libraries
Krish Naik: load underscore, dot env for this we have in requirement dot txt that is, python dot env. As soon as you install this. This is start working.
Krish Naik: Okay, that is the 1st step.
Krish Naik: Now, the next step will be that we will try to load all the environment variables, and we will set those environment variables. Now, how many environment variables I have.
Krish Naik: So in my env, dot env, I have this 4 environment variables, Openai, Api, key, Grok, Api key, Langchain, Api, Key, Langsmith, Langchain projects. Okay?
Krish Naik: So what I will do, I will go ahead and set this up right. So 1st of all, I will write OS dot environment. So we are setting this environment variable
Krish Naik: OS dot environment.
Krish Naik: And here I'm just going to go ahead and write open AI
Krish Naik: underscore Api underscore key. Okay, so this will basically be my 1st environment. Variable, right?
Krish Naik: Open AI underscore Api key. Right? Now, we need to get this environment variable directly from the dot envy file. How you will be able to get it. Very simple. OS dot get env.
Krish Naik: so get env is nothing. But here we are trying to get the environment variables. Okay, let's say that if I just go ahead and create a cell over here, and if I write OS dot. Get env, and let me just go ahead and write any environment variable name. Let's say I will just go ahead and show you Langchain underscore project. Okay.
Krish Naik: if I just go ahead and write language code project and execute it, you can see that I'm getting this agentic 2.0. Okay? And this value. I've already stored it in my envy file. Right?
Krish Naik: That is the reason why I'm getting it right. Let's say that I want to probably go ahead and get my Langchain underscore Api underscore key. So I will just go ahead and write like this print.
Krish Naik: I will create a code.
Krish Naik: And here, instead of Langchain underscore project. I will write Langchain underscore Api underscore key.
Krish Naik: So once I execute this, you can see that I'm I'm able to get this Api key right
Krish Naik: from where it is reading. It is basically reading from this dot env file. Okay? And similarly, I'm going to set up all these environment variables. So I'm going to set up with respect to opening Api Key. So here I will just go ahead and write open AI underscore Api underscore key. Okay? And then here, I will just go ahead and write Langsmith
Krish Naik: Langsmith, tracing and tracking, tracking and tracing. Okay, so this will basically be my tracking and tracing. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, similarly, I'm going to go ahead and create my, all the environment variables. So here, environment OS dot environment, sorry OS dot environment. And here I'm going to go ahead and set my langshin underscore Api Key
Krish Naik: Langshin underscore Api key, which is specifically required for Langsmith. Right.
Krish Naik: And here I will just go ahead and write OS, dot get envy. Okay.
Krish Naik: it's just nothing but open AI underscore Api underscore key. See, guys, every line of code. Sorry not it should not be open. AI Api key. It should be lang Chin Api. Every line of code. I'm writing it in front of you.
Krish Naik: I've disabled even my auto suggestion because I want to give you that specific experience, right with respect to all the things that we are basically doing. Okay?
Krish Naik: So here is my Langchin underscore Api key. I've just write written as OS. Dot get envy. The next key that we are basically going to set up is nothing but for my Langchain project. So here you can see same thing. OS, dot environment. Langchain underscore project OS, dot get envy. Langchin underscore project.
Krish Naik: Okay, does this make sense?
Krish Naik: Yeah, just let me know in the chat. Okay.
Krish Naik: very simple, right. I'm writing each and every line of code in front of you so that nothing should be missed.
Krish Naik: I'll paste some of the code. But that will be the code which I have already written.
Krish Naik: Okay, why, to get and set environment variables
Krish Naik: sumit. Just save your requirement dot txt file. Okay?
Krish Naik: Sometimes people also forget to save the requirement dot txt file.
Krish Naik: So why are we saving in OS dot environment? So that in the local environment. Those keys are loaded.
Krish Naik: Okay, those keys are loaded. And unless and until we don't have the keys.
Krish Naik: my code will not able to get the context from where this kind of calls are basically happening.
Krish Naik: Okay, can't we directly use a variable instead of OS dot environment, you can use it. Okay, you can use it a variable. But this is a very good practice, like how we are doing it. Okay?
Krish Naik: And this is how it needs to be done. Okay, there should be one more key that we will be setting it up. That is nothing but OS dot environ.
Krish Naik: And this key is been given by the Langchain documentation.
Krish Naik: And here, by default, this tree value needs to be set to true.
Krish Naik: Okay, so here, what I will do OS dot environment line chain, Langchain underscore tracing underscore v. 2.
Krish Naik: So that is the reason why I say, guys, your basic stuff is very important. These all things we have we do in Python?
Krish Naik: How many of you know? Python?
Krish Naik: So these all things we do into Python? Okay, no, nothing. Nothing in generative AI or agentic. AI. Okay, everything. This is there in the python. Okay?
Krish Naik: And we'll set this value to true. Okay, so this is the value that we need to set it to. True.
Krish Naik: whenever we are working with Langchain.
Krish Naik: Okay, see? Loading all the environment variables is doing is done by this load underscore D dot underscore Dnv.
Krish Naik: and then setting the environment variable is basically done by this.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: no, no, it will not see. This will not directly set like this. You have to probably go ahead and create this specific keys.
Krish Naik: See? It's just like you're loading all the environment variable. The environment variable is available in the project. But you need to assign this, because whenever we go ahead and create, or whenever we go ahead and call any Llm. Models this variable, they will be looking at. At. Okay, this environment variable. They'll be looking at that.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Clear done. Shall I execute this
Krish Naik: folder in a dot? Env. Hmm.
Krish Naik: Sorry. In which folder it should be created
Krish Naik: guys, your python. These all are things that are available in python.
Krish Naik: Okay, if you want Grok Api Key, then how do I do it? OS dot environ, Grok
Krish Naik: underscore. Api key, Grok, underscore. Api key. Okay?
Krish Naik: Done.
Krish Naik: Everybody done.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Now, everybody focus over here because I'm going to write a lot of code. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, simple assistant, we will try to see a simple assistant.
Krish Naik: And here
Krish Naik: this needs to be assigned as a string value. And just make it true. Okay, so that the tracing is enabled.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: can we define the Langchain tracing V 2 in env file? Yes, you can do it. You can go ahead and save this particular variable in this name, and you can just go ahead and write it over here like this.
Krish Naik: True like this, you can also do this and directly call that environment variable over here.
Krish Naik: or you can directly hard code it. So you can also go ahead and hard code your open AI Key or Grok Api Key, or your Langshon Api key over here.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Sandeep Moray. That is a requirement in the Langchain documentation. It is basically written that you need to set it to true. So we are setting it to true.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: So Langchain basically says that if you're setting this directly to true in a string, then it will be able to understand that the tracing will be working okay.
Krish Naik: you want to see the documentation also
Krish Naik: carlob item log.
Krish Naik: hmm.
Krish Naik: see?
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: okay, sir. Hmm.
Krish Naik: so any tutorials that is basically given it will be given in this way. 1st of all, okay.
Krish Naik: okay, now, let's disable the chat because people will keep on disturbing me.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: now, let's go ahead and focus on creating our first, st or let's write a simple code wherein we try to use a specific Llm model. Okay? So for this, we are basically going to use Openai. Okay?
Krish Naik: So I will go ahead and write from lang chin underscore. Open AI, and I'm going to import
Krish Naik: Chat Openai.
Krish Naik: Now, what does Chat Openai basically do? Is that chat open?
Krish Naik: AI. Okay.
Krish Naik: this chat Openai is just like a wrapper wherein you will be able to call any open AI models.
Krish Naik: Okay, again, I'm repeating it. What is chat Openai chat Openai is a simple library. It's just like a wrapper wherein you can basically call any open AI models. Okay.
Krish Naik: the 1st requirement for Chat Openai to use is that you need to set this Openai Api key already over here.
Krish Naik: If this is set up, then automatically you'll be able to use this clear.
Krish Naik: So here, what? I will go ahead and write. I will go ahead and create my Llm. And I'll write. Chat Openai.
Krish Naik: chat, open, AI, and here I'm going to use the model. There are multiple models that we can basically use
Krish Naik: for my sake. I will just go ahead and use. o, 1 Mini model.
Krish Naik: Okay, you can write. O 3 mini. You can write any kind of models that you want to check out the models
Krish Naik: I've already shown you. You can just go ahead and check in the documentation. So if you guys just go ahead and search for Openai models
Krish Naik: models.
Krish Naik: I will be able to get all the specific models right. Gpt. 4 or Mini, whatever models you want.
Krish Naik: Let's say I'm using. 0 4 0 4 mini. So 4 mini over here you'll be able to see this. This is the name that you need to write it down. Okay. Oh, 4 mini. All the specific models are available. Whichever models you want to use, you use it
Krish Naik: for my sake. I've used this over Mini model. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, this is how we have initialized the Chat Openai. Okay, by providing the model name.
Krish Naik: Then you will be able to see that I will just go ahead and write print.
Krish Naik: Llm, okay. And once I execute it, you'll be able to see that
Krish Naik: I should be able to see some of the information out here. See, it is showing that this Llm. Is of client, this
Krish Naik: and this is my entire detail. See, it is an Openai object.
Krish Naik: and the model name is o 1 Mini. The temperature is 1.0. And this is basically my Openai Api key, how it is able to get the Openai Api key. Very simple, because we have already set this particular environment.
Krish Naik: And this is how you create an Llm. Variable
Krish Naik: Llm. Model directly over here which can now able to answer anything that you really want to ask right now, once I've initialized this Llm.
Krish Naik: If I want to ask any question I will just go ahead and write like this. Llm. Dot invoke, and I'll say, Hey, what is Agentic? AI.
Krish Naik: See, I've asked this question. Llm. Dot invoke. What is agentic? AI. Now, once I execute this.
Krish Naik: now here, you'll be able to see that I'm getting an error. Why
Krish Naik: incorrect? Api. Key, provided. Okay, this is my incorrect Api key. The reason may be
Krish Naik: I have to go and check it out, or just give me a second, I will just go ahead and create my another Api key
Krish Naik: for your class.
Krish Naik: Till then, just give me a second. Okay.
Krish Naik: I have to create my another Api key for this.
Krish Naik: because it may be not working. So I will just go in and create a Api key, because from that day incident, right. I'm very, very strict in creating Api keys. I don't share it with anyone.
Krish Naik: Agent. Tech 2 point. Oh.
Krish Naik: I'm just going to create this. I'll copy this. Just give me a second guys. I'll just go ahead and initialize this.
Krish Naik: See? Once I've initialized it, I will just go ahead and run it once again
Krish Naik: might think it should work.
Krish Naik: Still, it is giving me error. Incorrect. Api. Key. Q. By
Krish Naik: just a second, guys.
Krish Naik: I don't know why it is coming as incorrect. Api key.
Krish Naik: No, okay. I made one simple mistake.
Krish Naik: No worries. Just a second
Krish Naik: restart. I think you have to restart it just a second
Krish Naik: after updating the key. I think we need to restart the kernel. Okay, then, only it will get loaded.
Krish Naik: So now I think it will work. Okay.
Krish Naik: do you see now, everyone?
Krish Naik: The problem was that I had written the wrong Api key. But what? As soon as I updated it right, you need to restart the kernel so that you'll be able to load all the environment variables. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now here, you can see that it is now giving you the answer. Agentic AI refers to the artificial intelligence system designed to operate as autonomously agents capable of perceiving their environment, making decisions, and all
Krish Naik: okay. The term agentic emphasizes the AI capacity for agency, the ability to. So you can see that all this information is basically being displayed.
Krish Naik: Do you see this guys very simple
Krish Naik: right here what we have basically done. We have nothing. We have just asked a specific question.
Krish Naik: And then here you should be able to see that we are able to get some kind of response is, this is what a normal Chatbot assistant will do or not. Tell me
Krish Naik: whether, whenever you ask any question, it should be able to give you some kind of response. Yeah, now.
Krish Naik: I will just go ahead and store this value in some result.
Krish Naik: Okay, so this will basically be my result, variable. And now I can go ahead and print my result. Okay.
Krish Naik: put into my result.
Krish Naik: Now, once, I probably go ahead and print my result.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Result, result.
Krish Naik: Let me just go ahead and print my result.
Krish Naik: Okay, now, here, this is what my result will come as okay.
Krish Naik: And this result will have a key that is called as content. Okay.
Krish Naik: content. See, this content is basically having this specific information. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, the question says that can we directly go ahead and print this content? So yes. So if I just go ahead and write, result content, you should be able to see that I'm able to get the entire information right.
Krish Naik: See? All this entire information is basically there.
Krish Naik: But
Krish Naik: this is not only the thing that we do right, we should always try to do some more things. We should try to write a prompt of our own, and we should see that how things will work. Okay. Because here this entire Llm is working in some way right?
Krish Naik: And in that specific way, if we try to use it, it will not be sufficient. Okay.
Krish Naik: so what I will do is over here. I will also show you, with the help of langer. Sorry we'll we'll be showing you with the help of Grok. Okay.
Krish Naik: so here for Grok, how do we basically go ahead and use this? How do we go ahead and call a grok over here? Okay, that that is the question that again rises. Okay, so, Krish, this is fine. With respect to Openai Api Key, you have seen that we are able to do it. But with respect to Grok, how? It will be okay. So for Grok, I will go ahead and write from Langchain
Krish Naik: underscore Grok, import Chat Grock like how we had for Openai.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Already, we basically have for chat Grok, also. Okay.
Krish Naik: And if you see on the top, I have also initialized or loaded the Grok Api key.
Krish Naik: Okay, Grok Api key.
Krish Naik: Now, the best thing is that.
Krish Naik: See if I probably go ahead and write from Langchin underscore Grok, import chat, Grok.
Krish Naik: Now, you know in Chad Grok, how many different models are there? Right?
Krish Naik: So you can see over here there's so many different models. Which model would you like to use?
Krish Naik: Tell me, which model would you like to use? We will select any one of the model.
Krish Naik: Let's go ahead and use this one Gwen.
Krish Naik: Qwq, 32 billion. Okay, so this Llm model. This is from Alibaba Cloud. We will try to use this. Okay, now, how to probably go ahead and initialize this model.
Krish Naik: So I'll go back to my code. I will say, Hey! From Langchain underscore, Grok, import chat, grok. And here I'm just going to go ahead and write. Model is equal to
Krish Naik: chat Grok, Chad Grock, and here will be my model name. The model name is what
Krish Naik: the model name is Quen, Q. Wq, 32 billion. Yeah.
Krish Naik: So when Q. Wq, 32 billion, right?
Krish Naik: And now you can just go ahead and write model dot invoke
Krish Naik: and let me just go ahead and write the same question. Let's say, Hi!
Krish Naik: Hi! My name is Krish. Let's say how it is able to greet us or not, we'll try to see it. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, as soon as I execute this, see this as soon as I execute this, and and one more thing that you may have observed over here.
Krish Naik: Here. I got the detail as content. Right?
Krish Naik: So here, if I go ahead and execute this
Krish Naik: again, it is giving me an error. Invalid. Api key. Again, I think this Grok Api Key also needs to be created. Let me just go ahead and create my Grok Api key.
Krish Naik: I think long back, I created this particular Api keys agent tick 2.0. That is giving me an error. So I need to probably go ahead and create a new Api key. I will copy this Api key. Okay, I will copy this Api key over here.
Krish Naik: and I will go to my code.
Krish Naik: I think I've just updated the older Api keys in my in my coding solutions.
Krish Naik: So I will just go ahead and update this.
Krish Naik: I'll say, Grok just a second
Krish Naik: after updating the Api key right? We should just restart the kernel again.
Krish Naik: So I've updated the Kpi key. I cannot show you the dot env file. It is very, very difficult. I'll just go ahead and restart it.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: The reason why I'm showing you all the specific errors, because you may also face it, and you should know how to fix this errors.
Krish Naik: Okay, so chat Openai is fine. This will work fine. This is my result.
Krish Naik: This is my result. Dot content. Everything is running okay.
Krish Naik: And now, if I just go ahead and execute this here, you can see that I'm able to get the output.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: yes, Surya, you can also do that. That is also a very good idea. Whenever you are loading the environment variable, you can write overwrite is equal to true.
Krish Naik: Now, do you see this? I'm able to get the response over here.
Krish Naik: Okay, the user said. My name is Krish. I should respond in a friendly way all this specific information.
Krish Naik: yeah.
Krish Naik: And the best part is that chat Grok is completely for free. Okay, I'll not. I'll not say completely for free, but at least till some other access, it is free.
Krish Naik: clear, everybody, clear the same thing. See?
Krish Naik: With respect to Chad Grok is also over here, and with respect to
Krish Naik: chat open, AI, we are here. I'm going very, very slowly now the question rises, Krish.
Krish Naik: is the tracing happening in the back end? Can anybody guess?
Krish Naik: Yeah. The next thing is that we'll discuss about prompt engineering. But is the tracing happening over here?
Krish Naik: So let's go back to my Langsmith.
Krish Naik: Okay. Now see the magic over here.
Krish Naik: I don't know whether it is happening or not.
Krish Naik: Do you see this? Everyone?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Do you see this tracing?
Krish Naik: It shows everything authentication, error.
Krish Naik: This is the power of the tracing, and that is the reason I love
Krish Naik: the entire land chain. You know, environments. I I love the entire
Krish Naik: thing that Langchain is basically building right? Just imagine over here how many errors we got.
Krish Naik: everything is basically happening. All the tracing is basically happening. And it will also tell you why this error is basically happening.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: And see this amazing thing. Let's say that I've used over here. Chat Openai. It will also talk about how much cost it has basically taken right.
Krish Naik: See the total tokens how much cost
Krish Naik: it may have happened for this particular hit. You know everything right.
Krish Naik: See over here? I asked, what is Agentic? AI, and it has given me the entire response.
Krish Naik: Yeah, let's say, if there was an error.
Krish Naik: Why, that specific error has basically happened.
Krish Naik: Yeah, so here, you can basically see that.
Krish Naik: yeah, so error is happening because there's all information are basically over here
Krish Naik: the Api key had some kind of problem.
Krish Naik: So this is the power of tracing.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: And this is an independent cloud platform, because many people will talk about sort of how to do the monitoring part, how to do this thing, how to do that right.
Krish Naik: And that is the reason I have shown you every error. And then and then I've fixed it. And then I've shown you that how the tracing is also happening over here.
Krish Naik: You're good.
Krish Naik: Make sense, everybody.
Krish Naik: Yeah. And for this, all you have to do is that you have to probably go ahead and set up all this environment variable. This 3 environment variable is very important for Langsmith. One is Langchain. Open. Api Key, Langchain project Langchin, tracing.
Krish Naik: Okay, so will Enterprise. Allow us to use Langsmith for tracing yes, it will allow it will allow.
Krish Naik: Unless and until you don't have that specific requirement or you have that requirement, you can. You can definitely go ahead and use it. But what I feel is that the cloud platform of Langchain is also becoming quite amazing, because in the future sessions you'll be seeing about when we are discussing about lang Graph.
Krish Naik: We'll be discussing about Langraft Studio at that point of time. You'll be seeing that how graphically all this tracing will also happen.
Krish Naik: Okay, yes. Lang's chain. Api Key is the same Langsmith key. Yeah.
Krish Naik: you cannot, host locally, Langchain. It is a cloud platform. Guys.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: so let me just go ahead and talk more about this. So here you'll be able to see that this tracing is basically happening. You'll be able to see that how much latency error rate each and every information is basically getting explored. If you go internally, there are something like threads. There are monitors. You can also go ahead and create your own monitors. You can go ahead and create your alerts setup. See how to do the setup. It is basically given over here. Right?
Krish Naik: You can go ahead and set up your Langsmith Api key. Langchain Api key with the Openai Api key, and automatically should be able to do this
Krish Naik: right. And for this you require this, both libraries.
Krish Naik: But if there are sensitive data, then don't use it.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: if you have some sensitive data, they are enterprises, versions of cloud that are coming like Ibm and all, they're coming up with monitoring platforms wherein they encrypt all your data.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: So anything that is basically saved in their cloud, it is completely encrypted.
Krish Naik: That is how you can probably do that. Okay.
Krish Naik: But since in our session we focus only on open source.
Krish Naik: I don't want to focus on any other thing other than open source.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: okay. Done. Shall I go to the next step? Now, can we go to the prompt engineering part. Now.
Krish Naik: okay, now observe one very important thing over here.
Krish Naik: Do you see, as soon as I invoke by using a model.
Krish Naik: I'm getting something like AI message. Right?
Krish Naik: Do you think? Do you know why this AI message is coming?
Krish Naik: AI message? Why, it may be coming?
Krish Naik: Any any guesses.
Krish Naik: AI message.
Krish Naik: And what does this AI message? Basically
Krish Naik: 10, right? It is really important to understand. See? Can I say
Krish Naik: the Llm. This Llm. Is nothing, but it is just like a AI bot.
Krish Naik: Okay, who is probably giving some kind of answers. So any output that is given by an Llm. It is basically called as AI message in the form of a class. Okay?
Krish Naik: So while they are developing this entire Langchain framework, what they have actually done is that whenever a message or output that is given by an Llm. It will always be coming in this particular AI message class.
Krish Naik: okay?
Krish Naik: Or AI message object. Okay? So here you'll be able to see AI message. But as you go ahead you'll be able to see system message. You'll be able to see user message, human message each and everything we'll be discussing. Okay. But right now, let's go ahead and focus on understanding about prompt
Krish Naik: here. What? Exactly prompt is okay.
Krish Naik: Prompt engineering. Many people talk about prompt engineering. I don't know. I have seen a lot of ads where they say that, hey? You'll be able to earn 3 corrode just by prompt engineering. Have you seen that? Ad.
Krish Naik: okay, never go on that particular thing? Okay, no. 3 corrodes nothing. This is just a very simple task. Okay.
Krish Naik: prompt engineering is all about providing an instruction to an Llm. Model. How it should behave.
Krish Naik: Okay, again, let me repeat it. Prompt engineering or prompt is nothing. But you're trying to provide an instruction to an Llm. Model. How it should behave.
Krish Naik: Okay, I'll say, Hey, Llm, become an interviewer and start asking me different different questions. So this is the kind of instruction that I am giving to an Llm. That how it should probably behave
Krish Naik: clear, clear everyone.
Krish Naik: Yes, yes, yes, everybody.
Krish Naik: Now, you may be thinking, Krish, why this Quen, QQ. Wq. 32 billion parameters we view. Sorry this model we used. It is coming up with this kind of tag. Think
Krish Naik: because this model is a reasoning model, it thinks, and then it probably provides you the answer. Things basically means whenever you ask a question. It will try to think in different different ways and then try to provide you the best response. All the Llm models are not reasoning models. Okay, this also, you really need to understand
Krish Naik: now, in prompt engineering, what I will be doing is that
Krish Naik: I will just go ahead and import one very important library. So I'll write from Langchain.
Krish Naik: Underscore core dot prompts.
Krish Naik: Okay, dot prompts.
Krish Naik: And I'm going to import chat, prompt, template. Okay, chat, prompt, template.
Krish Naik: Now, you may be thinking, Krish, why we are using this particular class. Okay.
Krish Naik: chat, prompt, template. See? Whenever we need to provide some instruction to the Llm model.
Krish Naik: We need to write some kind of prompts
Krish Naik: in a specific format, and for that Langchain has provided this particular prompt template to do this.
Krish Naik: So this prompt template is just like a class wherein you can predefine your own prompt.
Krish Naik: And then you can instruct the Llm. To do that same thing. Okay.
Krish Naik: so here, what I will do. I will just go ahead and initialize the prompt. So I'll say, Hey, prompt is equal to, and I will just go ahead and use this chat, prompt, template.
Krish Naik: and inside this chart prompt template. There is a function which is called, as dot from messages.
Krish Naik: Okay, dot from messages.
Krish Naik: Now, dot from messages, basically says that here we can define our prompt in the form of list. Okay.
Krish Naik: the 1st prompt that we can write is system prompt.
Krish Naik: Okay, system. Prompt.
Krish Naik: sir. How do I know which class I have to call chat, prompt, template from the documentation? I don't want to show you the documentation, because I've already done that work. Okay for you.
Krish Naik: So here, what I will do. 1st of all, I will go ahead and define my system prompt
Krish Naik: in order to define a system prompt.
Krish Naik: The keyword that we specifically use is system. This is one way, guys, okay, there are also other ways where we can directly use the classes. But let me just go ahead with the most basic way.
Krish Naik: So here, if I really want to provide the system instruction, so I have, I will be defining in this particular variable that is called a system.
Krish Naik: And here I will provide the message like how the system needs to behave. What is the instruction that I really need to give it to the Llm.
Krish Naik: So here I will write UR. And expert AI engineer provide me answer based on the question.
Krish Naik: Okay, now see, this is my instruction.
Krish Naik: Here. You can write any kind of instruction to play with the Llm model.
Krish Naik: And whenever I write system that basically means this is an instruction to the Llm.
Krish Naik: Clear everybody, clear, yes or no.
Krish Naik: Does this make sense very simple here, in the form of Tuple. I have written this. My 1st input is related to system, and my second input is nothing but the message to the Llm. What message I'm actually specifying.
Krish Naik: Then the next thing is that
Krish Naik: over here, when we are creating this prompt template. Obviously we have given this instruction to the Llm. But user should also give an input.
Krish Naik: yeah, user should also give an input user input will go inside this particular variable called as user.
Krish Naik: And here we will define a placeholder. Let's say, the input will be coming in this particular variable
Krish Naik: that is called as input itself. Okay?
Krish Naik: Again, understand? Over here what I've actually done.
Krish Naik: I have defined this is my system, prompt template.
Krish Naik: And here I have defined the user, how it is basically going to give the input. It is going to give the input in this placeholder, that is nothing but input. Okay, that basically means whenever a user gets user gives an input and hits the Llm model. That value should be stored inside this input variable itself.
Krish Naik: Okay, along with this, there is also one more that is called as human.
Krish Naik: So we can also write instead of user. We can also write human. But I'll I'll focus on right now on user. Later on, we will go ahead and discuss with classes. Okay with classes. We have human AI message. Sorry. AI system message like how we have this AI message. Right? We also have human message. Right? We also have user message. All this kind of message. We'll go step by step. But here we just want to go from basics. That is most important to understand. Okay.
Krish Naik: the system prompt. You can define anything you can based on. You can say that, hey? You are an expert lawyer. Please try to provide answers based on the specific question. Right? You are a Ca, please try to provide some kind of questions. Or you can basically go ahead with that right? So Piush Kumar again. As I said again, I'm repeating it. Please open your ears and hear what is the difference between system and user guys. Please tell me now, what is the difference between system and user? Very simple.
Krish Naik: Whatever prompt we are basically writing within the system is basically an instruction
Krish Naik: to the Llm. Right? Like how the Llm should probably behave.
Krish Naik: The user is the input of the user, and it will be used as a context.
Krish Naik: It'll be used in a as a context for the Llm. To provide the response.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: clear. Now, if I just go ahead and initialize or just see this prompt. So here you can see, it is a kind of chat, prompt, template. The input variable is input.
Krish Naik: And then here, you can see. See, do you see this? Now this messages got converted to system. Message, prom template.
Krish Naik: See? This
Krish Naik: yeah.
Krish Naik: System message, prompt, template. Do you see this yeah
Krish Naik: system message prompt, template. And then you can see that
Krish Naik: this got converted to a prompt template over here and inside the template. Do you see this instruction? You are an expert AI engineer. Provide me the answer based on the question, right? And here you'll be able to see all the other information.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: clear. So this is just like a class when we are probably defining like this. It sets up the input variable. It sets up the prompt template. And it is basically providing you all the information like, based on the information that we have provided here.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: now see, the most interesting thing will be that, how do we call it? Now? Okay, now, let's go ahead and use an Llm. Model this time the Llm. Model. I'm going to specifically use this one. Okay.
Krish Naik: Quen, Qwq. Instead of writing Quen, I will use some other open source model. Okay, let me go over here.
Krish Naik: Dev console playground.
Krish Naik: I will just go ahead and use. Gamma, gamma model. Okay. Gamma, 2, 9. B, it, okay, 9 billion parameters. So here, I will just go ahead and write
Krish Naik: Gamma to 9 billion.
Krish Naik: And this will be it.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: And here will basically be my model.
Krish Naik: Okay, now, I'm going to use this specific model. Okay? But now, my question is that, Krish.
Krish Naik: how do we combine this prompt to this model?
Krish Naik: That is my question.
Krish Naik: Okay, how do we combine my prompt to this model?
Krish Naik: And there is a concept of something called as chaining.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: so chaining is nothing but chaining combines your prompt with Llm. So how do I combine it? You know this is my prompt.
Krish Naik: In order to chain it to the Llm. I just have to use this
Krish Naik: this pipe symbol. And here we will use the model.
Krish Naik: Once I do this, that basically means we are creating a chain.
Krish Naik: This chain is nothing, but it is saying you.
Krish Naik: It is saying you that here is a prompt.
Krish Naik: And this prompt is basically getting combined to this particular model. So if I just go ahead and execute this and execute this chain, do you see this chain?
Krish Naik: The 1st thing is the chat, prompt template.
Krish Naik: and the second thing is nothing but your chat. Grok right?
Krish Naik: So whenever I pass my input, it will 1st of all pass through this chat, prompt template.
Krish Naik: then it will do the necessary formatting, and then, after doing the formatting, it will give the input to the model.
Krish Naik: Do you agree?
Krish Naik: Yes.
Krish Naik: Do you agree with this very simple, normal chaining
Krish Naik: here, I need to combine my prompt with the model.
Krish Naik: So what I'm doing. 1st of all, I'm basically going and creating my prompt.
Krish Naik: That prompt is basically chained with the model. So whatever will be the prompt output, it will be passed to the model.
Krish Naik: Okay, clear, clear. Everyone. Yes.
Krish Naik: very simple. Please focus over here like that's, I'm going very slowly, step by step, making you explain each and everything in a very easy way. Okay.
Krish Naik: what are the order that we should follow? With respect to chaining always, the 1st is prompt, the second is model, the 3rd is output.
Krish Naik: Okay. Now let's see this.
Krish Naik: Now, how do I invoke this chain? So in order to invoke it, I will say, chain dot invoke.
Krish Naik: Okay, now tell me how I have to give the input.
Krish Naik: how I have to give the input
Krish Naik: in which variable we need to give the input
Krish Naik: in which variable we need to give the input, what is the placeholder over here?
Krish Naik: What is the placeholder over here? Input, right? So here we will go ahead and define our. Input
Krish Naik: and now let me just go ahead and define the input and let me say, Hey, can you
Krish Naik: tell me something about Langsmith? Okay, Langsmith. Now see? Understand?
Krish Naik: Understand? Over here. Okay, the reason why I provided this, input you know.
Krish Naik: because my prompt template is expecting an input in this particular variable.
Krish Naik: Yes. So that is the reason I have given it over here. If I give some other input, it will give an error. Okay, so first, st this particular information will go to our prompt inside our prompt. It will look for this input variable.
Krish Naik: Then it will set up this entire system prompt message. It will say that provide me the answer based on the question, and then it will go ahead and hit your hit. The chat. Grok Api. Okay.
Krish Naik: let's do that, and let's see whether it will work or not, yes or no.
Krish Naik: Shall we check?
Krish Naik: So now I'll just go ahead and write response
Krish Naik: and let me just go ahead and print the response.
Krish Naik: Do you see this? Everyone?
Krish Naik: Okay, let me just go ahead and write response. Dot content.
Krish Naik: Do you see this? Everybody, yes or no?
Krish Naik: Yes or no.
Krish Naik: And here you can see that I'm able to get the entire response.
Krish Naik: So this is just with a basic prompt.
Krish Naik: Now you play with the prompt. You say that, hey? Act as a lawyer? I have this particular financial issue. I have this case. Try to solve it. Give that input over here.
Krish Naik: right? And it will be able to give you the entire suggestion.
Krish Naik: Yes, you can call an unlimited prompts. No worries. Okay.
Krish Naik: But now the most interesting thing will be that if I just go ahead and see my langsmith, how my Langsmith will look like. Just let's see.
Krish Naik: Okay. Now, now, I nearly need to see how my Langsmith look like. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now see now, the Langsmith has some different kind of object which is called as runnable sequence. Do you see this
Krish Naik: before we used to get Chatgrok, chat, openai and all.
Krish Naik: But whenever we apply chaining concept.
Krish Naik: then this becomes a runnable sequence.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Now, inside this runnable sequence, do you see something very amazing.
Krish Naik: I have my input, I have my output right
Krish Naik: inside this runnable sequence. Chad Grok is one of the chain over there. See? System prompt.
Krish Naik: Do you see this? You are an expert AI engineer. Provide me an answer based on the question, can you tell me something about Langsmith?
Krish Naik: And then this is your output.
Krish Naik: Everybody you are able to see right. Do you see the same system prompt over here?
Krish Naik: Right?
Krish Naik: See? 1st of all, there is something like chat, prompt, template. Can you tell me something about this? The output of this, the 1st prompt template is 2 things. One is the system, and one is the human human message.
Krish Naik: And this is basically going to the chat grok.
Krish Naik: Chad, Grok, right? And here you can see this is my system message, human message. And this is my output.
Krish Naik: How can Langsmith capture all the logs even without invoking it? Because we have we? It is tracking based on the Api key.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Oh, why do people want to see this Langsmith in real time? Scenarios?
Krish Naik: It will be very good for debugging right? If there is a specific error. Do you think you'll open the production code and check the error? No right.
Krish Naik: like aws has aws, cloudwatch azure may be having some other services to check the logs and errors.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: yep.
Krish Naik: Interesting guys, did you like it or not?
Krish Naik: Do you like the today's session?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Now, let's go ahead and show you in one more way. Okay.
Krish Naik: guys. There is a very one very important thing which is called as output parser.
Krish Naik: Okay, output, parser. See? In this chaining. The 1st thing is prompt.
Krish Naik: The second thing is model.
Krish Naik: Okay, the 1st thing is prompt. The second thing is model. Okay.
Krish Naik: And here you'll be able to see that I'm able to get the response over here directly. Whenever we invoke this content variable is basically getting created inside that. All this information is there? Okay.
Krish Naik: inside this chain, we can also go ahead and add output. Parser.
Krish Naik: Okay, now, what is output? Parser output? Parser is nothing. But
Krish Naik: it is just a way to display your output.
Krish Naik: Okay, display your output.
Krish Naik: Now in the output, parser.
Krish Naik: I will give you a break. Just let me discuss one. This thing. Okay, output parser. Here, you can decide how the output should be visible to you from the Llm.
Krish Naik: Okay, whatever Llm is basically providing you the response how the output should be visible. Okay, so I will go ahead and write from Langchain
Krish Naik: underscore core.
Krish Naik: And here I'm going to use some output parser.
Krish Naik: One of the output parser. The basic output parser we will use is nothing but string output, parser.
Krish Naik: string output. Parser.
Krish Naik: Now I will just go ahead and write output. Underscore Parser
Krish Naik: is equal to string output. We'll initialize this. Now see the magic. What will happen
Krish Naik: if in a chain I add a output parser at the end. Okay.
Krish Naik: so now I'll just go ahead and create a chain. The 1st thing is my prompt.
Krish Naik: The second thing is my Llm. The 3rd thing is my output output. Underscore. Parser.
Krish Naik: Okay, now, what is basically happening? See? Prompt.
Krish Naik: Llm will provide the response.
Krish Naik: And we'll try to understand. How does the output parser, the string output parser display the response.
Krish Naik: how it will display the response!
Krish Naik: So let me just go ahead and write. Response is equal to chain. Dot invoke.
Krish Naik: And here I will give my input.
Krish Naik: Input. Is equal to input Kohler.
Krish Naik: And I'll say, Hey, can you tell me about Langsmith?
Krish Naik: See before when we are using without any output. Parser.
Krish Naik: We were basically getting all this information inside this content. Variable, right? Content. Key, right? Not variable key inside this content key. We are getting this entire information.
Krish Naik: But now what happens if we try to use string output? Parser, will there be a change in the response? So I will just go ahead and print the response.
Krish Naik: okay, I'm getting an error. Sorry. I'll be getting an error.
Krish Naik: Let me just go ahead and execute it
Krish Naik: input. Just a second.
Krish Naik: Did I make some mistake?
Krish Naik: Oh, sorry I have to initialize that. My mistake.
Krish Naik: Message row does not support
Krish Naik: just a second.
Krish Naik: Oh, it is model.
Krish Naik: I created a model right now. Do you see this?
Krish Naik: Do you see this? Right now? I'm able to directly get the response.
Krish Naik: Let's talk about Langsmith.
Krish Naik: Langsmith is an open source community driven platform. So did I get a content key separately.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Vigneswar and Pydentic will be required. We will go towards that also. But right now this is just a basic output. Parser
Krish Naik: in Pydentic. You may have multiple keys right? This is just giving you as one entire description.
Krish Naik: Right?
Krish Naik: Can we customize the output? Parser? Yes, we can also do that. Okay.
Krish Naik: okay, so here you'll be able to see from this particular thing. 1st of all, I'm giving this input to the prompt. Then the input is basically going to the model. The model is giving you an output before use to store it in some kind of keys. But as soon as I use the string output parser, I'm actually getting this output parser over here as attached, and this output parser is just displaying the output itself.
Krish Naik: Now the question rises, Krish.
Krish Naik: can you show me some other output, parser? And that is where you should know how to read the documentation. So if I just go ahead and write lang chain
Krish Naik: output, parser.
Krish Naik: Okay, just go and directly search for it.
Krish Naik: and I will click on output, parser.
Krish Naik: So in the output, parser you have different different types of output, parser
Krish Naik: like string like Json, like Xml, like Csv, like output, fixing like retry like Pyd and tick.
Krish Naik: So it's so you also have Pydentic right?
Krish Naik: Pydentic. You can see this over here.
Krish Naik: Pydentic output parser with examples which each and everything you have this entire documentation.
Krish Naik: and you can just go ahead and enjoy this. See good example. Just go ahead and create a tool. You go in and write your template right with this particular config and all, you should be able to run it right?
Krish Naik: So here you have pandas data frame. You have enum, you have date time you have structured. Go and use any of those that you require. Okay, let's say that I want to use Json. Okay, so Json is over here. See? I'll show you how to probably go ahead and use Json also.
Krish Naik: So here you'll be able to see 1st of all I need to import Json output parser. Right?
Krish Naik: So if I want to import Json output parser, I will just go ahead and write the same code. Let's say I will go ahead and write. Copy this.
Krish Naik: or let me just copy this entirely. Okay, copy this
Krish Naik: and paste it over here. Now, what the Json output. Parser. Do any guesses any guesses, any guesses.
Krish Naik: it will provide the response in the form of Json. Only know very simple. Now see if I just go ahead and execute this Json Parser. I will initialize this over here
Krish Naik: and execute it.
Krish Naik: Let me know if you have any question related to for troubleshooting. What is the error? Let's see, what is the error
Krish Naik: output, Parser Json response. Just let me see.
Krish Naik: Okay, so whenever we are using a Json response. It will be little bit little bit different. Okay, I'll again define it. Okay. Now, I will go ahead and define my prompt okay, my prompt will be nothing but my prompt template.
Krish Naik: Okay, now see this guys here, we have basically used this chaining.
Krish Naik: and we had also defined a prompt
Krish Naik: now, whenever we use Json Parser here somewhere over here. In this, I should be able to see it
Krish Naik: is this, Json? Okay.
Krish Naik: see in Json, whenever we want to use it. We have to define in this kind of chat, prompt, template.
Krish Naik: Okay, in this kind of prompt template.
Krish Naik: This is one way, and there is also one more way which is called as prompt template. Let me just show you. I'll just fix it. Okay.
Krish Naik: even output parts. I'm getting the thing part in the response, you will get it. Okay, you will get it.
Krish Naik: prompt template.
Krish Naik: So if I just go ahead and click on this.
Krish Naik: See, there is multiple different types of prompt template. One is string, prompt templates.
Krish Naik: One is chat, prompt, template. Okay.
Krish Naik: I will try to show you in both this specific way also. Okay, so that you get
Krish Naik: this important weighs itself.
Krish Naik: One important understanding that you should get is that whenever we try to use string output parser.
Krish Naik: it mostly works for chaining purpose. Right? So whatever chainings we are specifying, and if we add it by default in the string output, parser, it will work.
Krish Naik: But if you are trying to use some other output. Parser. We should try to use this prompt, template technique of defining your prompt itself. Okay, so don't worry. I will show you over here how to do it. Okay?
Krish Naik: So 1st of all, this is my Json output parser. Then I have my Json output. Now I'm going to use the prompt template
Krish Naik: inside this prom template, the 1st parameter will be my template. Okay.
Krish Naik: the template is just like an instruction like what instruction you are specifically giving along with that, what context you really want to add.
Krish Naik: okay, and here you will be able to see that
Krish Naik: that once we do this, okay, once we do this here, I can basically go ahead and write. Answer
Krish Naik: the user question. Let's say that this is my prompt user query, okay.
Krish Naik: and here, I will just go ahead and provide a new line. Let's say that I'm going to provide a new line.
Krish Naik: and then I will just go ahead and give my own key. Okay, own key. This is just like a placeholder. Let's say I will just go ahead and write format instruction.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: And then the query that I really want to give from the input, okay, now see this. Okay.
Krish Naik: why, I have written this 2 input, placeholder. Just give me 5 min you'll be able to understand everything that I'm trying to teach over here. Okay.
Krish Naik: then, what we do is that we give our input variables. Why, I'm writing like this.
Krish Naik: It is very simple. Okay.
Krish Naik: I'll I'll just tell you why I'm doing this. Just just give me a second. Okay?
Krish Naik: And this will basically be my query. Okay?
Krish Naik: And then, have you observed this as soon as I have written this right, prompt, slash model?
Krish Naik: Okay, prompt, slash model. What is this prompt
Krish Naik: this prompt is the chat, prompt template that you are able to see.
Krish Naik: Yes, where my input variables is, input
Krish Naik: where my partial variable is this, when my message is a system prompt template. Yeah.
Krish Naik: The same thing I'm trying to define here in a detailed way.
Krish Naik: Yeah, my template is this my input variable? Is this right
Krish Naik: and this format underscore instruction will basically be from my output. Parser. I can also provide this
Krish Naik: additional information by this new variable, which is called as partial underscore variables.
Krish Naik: Everything will make sense. Just give me a second. Okay?
Krish Naik: And because I need to provide this information also, I need to provide this information also, this information is coming from here from the input variable.
Krish Naik: more additional information regarding the format
Krish Naik: can be coming up from this particular partial variables, because Langchain, inside this prompt template, has provided this particular feature.
Krish Naik: So here I will just go ahead and write format instruction.
Krish Naik: And you know from where this format instruction is going to come.
Krish Naik: This format instruction is going to directly come from the output. Parser output. Underscore parser.
Krish Naik: Okay? And this output, parser. See, let's say that I go ahead and initialize this. Okay.
Krish Naik: I go ahead and initialize this. Okay? And here I just go ahead and write output underscore parser dot.
Krish Naik: get
Krish Naik: format instruction. Now see, everything will make sense. Why, I'm showing you all these things. Is that because this will be very, very helpful when you are playing with
Krish Naik: different different things. Okay? So here you can see that
Krish Naik: when I go ahead and write output parser for get format instruction, it is basically saying that return a Json object.
Krish Naik: Okay, so this is the kind of instruction that is basically given to an Llm right
Krish Naik: here, my entire instruction is answer the user query, return a Json object from this particular query.
Krish Naik: Right?
Krish Naik: So this is the kind of instruction that I'm actually trying to give. Okay? And that is the reason we have given order over here. Instead of this, you can also remove this and directly give the output or input over here.
Krish Naik: You can just go ahead and write like this, return a Json object.
Krish Naik: Does this make sense? Everyone?
Krish Naik: Yes or no?
Krish Naik: You can also write it like this. If I want to give 2 input variables, not 1, 2 input variables. I can give it in this way.
Krish Naik: I can give it in this way, right?
Krish Naik: So here what we can do. You can just directly go ahead and write, get format instruction over here.
Krish Naik: So this inputs, the secondary input is basically coming from this partial variable.
Krish Naik: The query is basically coming from the input variable. Okay.
Krish Naik: it's just like, I am just trying to create a prompt template in multiple ways.
Krish Naik: This prompt template was created based on one input before the prompt template was basically created based on one input, that is this, input right? This was with respect to system and user. Right?
Krish Naik: And here you are able to create an input through an another way, just additional examples.
Krish Naik: just additional examples. What we are trying to do it over here. Right?
Krish Naik: Does that make sense? Everyone?
Krish Naik: Yes, yes.
Krish Naik: yes or no. This partial variable is basically having this format instruction. It is what's going to get replaced over here? Okay, this is just one way. Now, if I just go ahead and execute it.
Krish Naik: if I just go ahead and sorry I need to write comma over here.
Krish Naik: Prompt template. Okay, I need to also go ahead and define this just a second.
Krish Naik: Now see this.
Krish Naik: Now let me. Just go ahead and show you this prompt.
Krish Naik: Now, are you getting the same prompt? See? Prompt, template, input variables, input, types, format instruction. Return a Json object, template, answer the query, and so and so
Krish Naik: now the question rises, Krish.
Krish Naik: Sometimes we are using prompt template. Sometime we are using chat, prompt, template.
Krish Naik: Right?
Krish Naik: So tell me the difference between them.
Krish Naik: What is the basic use of prompt template?
Krish Naik: And what is the basic use of chat, prompt, template?
Krish Naik: And the answer is over here. This prompt templates are used to format a single string.
Krish Naik: and generally are used for similar inputs. For example, a common way to construct and use a prompt template is as follows, tell me a joke about specific topic, right
Krish Naik: in chat, prompt, template.
Krish Naik: They are used to format a list of messages.
Krish Naik: so whenever you have some kind of conversational
Krish Naik: like a chat bot, at that point of time you will be using chat prop template, because, understand, the system message will get added, the user message will get added. Then again, a system message will get added. Then again, a user message may get added.
Krish Naik: So here you have a list of conversation. And here you basically have only single conversation.
Krish Naik: Very simple.
Krish Naik: Yes.
Krish Naik: Does this make sense? What is the difference between a normal Pom. Prompt, template, and a chat, prompt, template.
Krish Naik: Whenever you have some kind of conversational Chatbot definitely go and use, chat, prompt, template. Whenever you have a single conversation. Then you go ahead and use prompt template.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: And here also you can see that we can also directly use classes. This I will show you human message. This kind of classes. Also, we can use it. Okay.
Krish Naik: clear, clear everybody.
Krish Naik: Now, let's go ahead and see the Json prompt output. Now, okay.
Krish Naik: so now, I'm just going to go ahead and create. My chain is equal to prompt.
Krish Naik: Now see the magic. Okay?
Krish Naik: Llm, and then you have this output output underscore parcel.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, I'll use the model. Don't worry.
Krish Naik: Model output parcel.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: And now let me just go ahead and print the response.
Krish Naik: Now, do you think my output should come in our Json format or not see the magic
Krish Naik: name landsmith description. So and so, website, so and so, yeah, does it make sense.
Krish Naik: Now I will give you one assignment
Krish Naik: here. I have done it with the help of prompt template. Right? You do it with the help of chat, prompt template. Can you do that?
Krish Naik: Can you do it?
Krish Naik: Do it with the help of chat, prompt, template?
Krish Naik: See? I don't even have to use this.
Krish Naik: I don't even have to use this. Okay, but I showed you multiple ways. You can directly write the instruction over here.
Krish Naik: But I showed you. My duty is to show you multiple things.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: now, just imagine your Llm. Is able to give you the output in this manner. Don't you think you will be able to use it anywhere you want.
Krish Naik: so just quickly do one assignment.
Krish Naik: The assignment will be, do the same thing with chat, prompt, template.
Krish Naik: chat, prompt, template.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Can you? You can you, when to use chat and prompt template, see, chat, prompt, template is for a conversational Chatbot
Krish Naik: normal problem. Template is just for one single query and get the response done.
Krish Naik: Okay, make sense.
Krish Naik: How was the session guys? Did you like the session?
Krish Naik: Are you learning something amazing?
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: whenever you have any queries. Just go and search for it. That's it. Prompt templates. I've got it over here
Krish Naik: now. Same thing. Can I do it over here? Just try to think it right, you will be able to. But the Json is not returning in prompt format. It is returning in prompt format. No, it is returning in key value pairs.
Krish Naik: right? I have told. See? Why do we use Json output parser?
Krish Naik: Basically to just get the output in the form of Json
Krish Naik: streaming output and all we will learn in line graph.
Krish Naik: Hmm, let me show you one more very amazing thing. Okay, so oh, this is my prompt.
Krish Naik: just a output parser. Right
Krish Naik: now let's try with Xml. If you want to try with Xml, can you do it with Xml. This will be an assignment to you.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Now for Xml, what you really need to do just provide the instruction.
Krish Naik: Yeah, instruction should go. That's it.
Krish Naik: Okay, let me show you once more again. Okay.
Krish Naik: this is my string output. Parser. My, I?
Krish Naik: Okay, let's try with this prompt
Krish Naik: now, I think you should be able to understand to do it with any any kind of parser. Right?
Krish Naik: You are an expert AI engineer.
Krish Naik: Clear everybody.
Krish Naik: Input the chat, prompt template is missing.
Krish Naik: model. Prompt
Krish Naik: Majaya. See this key value. Pairs.
Krish Naik: yes or no.
Krish Naik: Now can you do it from Xml.
Krish Naik: Can you do it for Xml.
Krish Naik: See if you want to create your own output person. You write your own python code.
Krish Naik: you take that Json, convert it into excel. Csv. Whatever thing you want.
Krish Naik: Right?
Krish Naik: Okay, try it out with xml.
Krish Naik: Quickly.
Krish Naik: So for Xml output. Parser, what do you really need to do
Krish Naik: for Xml output, parser, what do you really need to do quickly? Tell me
Krish Naik: so Xml, is there?
Krish Naik: Yeah?
Krish Naik: Then output. Parser will try to initialize like this.
Krish Naik: You just need to go ahead and provide the instruction. Right?
Krish Naik: Done
Krish Naik: done or not
Krish Naik: please install. Okay, it is telling me to please install diffused. Xml, okay, so I will just go ahead and install this.
Krish Naik: I will go ahead and update in my requirement dot txt.
Krish Naik: and let's go ahead and install. Okay, pipe install minus r requirement. Dot txt.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: See? Xml, see, I've shown you one way where you can go ahead and explore any other way.
Krish Naik: That is how I teach. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, you may be thinking, Krish, this is amazing.
Krish Naik: Okay, how to pass my own Json format. Go ahead and write your own code, then.
Krish Naik: and given instruction. I need the format in this way.
Krish Naik: Add that instruction in your prompt
Krish Naik: hey, Xamel, it is not given me in the form of Xml. Just a second.
Krish Naik: Let's see whether anything needs to be added or not. Just a second.
Krish Naik: We did not specifically get the format output in the Xml format itself. Right?
Krish Naik: Xml format
Krish Naik: with.
Krish Naik: let's see.
Krish Naik: it is giving in the form of Json, only
Krish Naik: my song.
Krish Naik: Let me go ahead and check this. Okay? Why, it is not coming in. Xml, but I'll just go ahead and have a look. Okay.
Krish Naik: don't worry. I will. I will work out on this Xml part. I'll see what is the problem out there. Okay.
Krish Naik: but you can try it out here. Just the main fundamental is basically to make you understand how to work with chat, prop, template and all. Okay.
Krish Naik: so how was the session? Everyone.
Krish Naik: Good.
Krish Naik: Majaya Majaya, Kenya.
Krish Naik: Now, I think, see if my my way of is
Krish Naik: guiding is that if I guide till here no many people will be able to do this because I I pick. I try to pick the main thing from where you will be able to implement anything else. Right?
Krish Naik: I try to explain 1, 2 to 2 important things. And then it's all about connecting things connecting the dots
Krish Naik: like today. Just an example, like how many topics we're discussing. Not only open. Lc. Langsmith. Everything right? So as a parallel
Krish Naik: you should see over here. Is that how beautifully we are able to do each and everything right?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Now see, you just go and see in the Langsmith also, all the tracing is automatically happening. I don't have to even worry about anything as such.
Krish Naik: Okay, I've given the requirement txt in the zip file. Everyone.
Krish Naik: Okay, everybody got the code.
Krish Naik: Everybody got the code
Krish Naik: download it. Keep it as a second folder.
Krish Naik: Now you'll be thinking that why, we will be using pydentic. Now you'll be understanding it. Here. You're finding a lot of problems to probably get the output parser right?
Krish Naik: Right still, we are working on the formats and all. But at the end of the day, just imagine if you're getting everything in the form of
Krish Naik: Pydentic, where the validation is also getting applied, and all see Pydentic main thing over here. Validation is not getting applied right.
Krish Naik: I asked for an Xml output, and it is giving me in the form of Json. But still that validation is basically not
Krish Naik: okay.
Krish Naik: Hey? What you want, my dot envy file also. Yeah.
Krish Naik: chaining is just like a flow of information.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: So I will also send you dot envy copy so that you can just rename it. Make it to dot, envy and all.
Krish Naik: Hmm, okay, let's take a break.
Krish Naik: Okay, 15 min. Break till then you download the code each and everything, and then please come. Okay.
Krish Naik: Yeah, thank you.
Krish Naik: I've already shared the zip file. No.
Krish Naik: just download it from yeah.
Krish Naik: And then, later on, it will be also available inside your this one.
Krish Naik: Okay, okay, let's come back after a break. Okay, thank you.
Krish Naik: Okay, perfect.
Krish Naik: Okay. Guys ready. Are you back?
Krish Naik: How many times I have to share the file.
Krish Naik: Let's see, somebody has found out the solution.
Krish Naik: Okay, guys. So let's do one thing. You know, that Xml thing. No.
Krish Naik: we'll try to do it in this way. Let's see.
Krish Naik: then will it work or not?
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: just a second. I will just do this once, and then I'll let you know.
Krish Naik: Broad.
Krish Naik: so big it is. See the instruction. The output should be formatted. Xml file output should confirm to the tags below. If the tags are not given, make them your own tag. Now, will this work
Krish Naik: input on our query? Query, query, query, let's see ready.
Krish Naik: I don't know which response it basically came instead of right bank and I instructor.
Krish Naik: I will just check it out with respect to this and all, okay.
Krish Naik: so guys, did you get an idea or not quickly. Tell me.
Krish Naik: let's see, some other people have
Krish Naik: tried it out. Surya Kalua has given one way.
Krish Naik: That's nice. People are giving this.
Krish Naik: Let's see in this way also.
Krish Naik: So here, what he has done respond in the HTML response answers
Krish Naik: your answer here. Okay, great. See this.
Krish Naik: How, with the help of simple, prompt change. Here you are able to get in this way.
Krish Naik: See, respond in this Xml format your answer here, in this tags and all.
Krish Naik: Let's see. Now
Krish Naik: I will just go ahead and click my model here.
Krish Naik: This is basically be my model.
Krish Naik: Invoke dot this one.
Krish Naik: But we have not added output, parser, or what. So you have to basically use chain over here.
Krish Naik: And I'll remove this. Let's see.
Krish Naik: Sorry raw output. I have to basically write over here.
Krish Naik: And I change the import statement as well. Now it works.
Krish Naik: I'm not getting the pricing. Don't worry. We'll fix that in the doubt learning.
Krish Naik: is it? So? We don't need to route the output parser in the chain.
Krish Naik: Oh, yeah.
Krish Naik: yeah, perfect. You can see over here in Xml format. You're able to get it.
Krish Naik: just by adding this additional statement, I think this will work
Krish Naik: the previous one. Also. Let's see.
Krish Naik: this is basically, input, will it work or not?
Krish Naik: Here? I don't need to use output password.
Krish Naik: Say it is coming.
Krish Naik: No, it's working. See here, I'm able to get it in this Xml parser.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: okay? Done because I did not have to provide an output parser or Xml parser over there.
Krish Naik: What is the advantage of Xml parson in the Xml format? You will be able to get it. But here I've just provided you each and everything. I think you can just refer the code and get it to things.
Krish Naik: Now, one very important assignment that I really want to give it to you. So whatever things we learned right see over here, just try to explore different different prompts right? Like, let's say, one example is base, prompt, template. Okay.
Krish Naik: so inside this you can see base, prompt, template. You can see some example with respect to the base, prompt, template. How things happens, you know.
Krish Naik: Then you have this base chat, prompt, template, chat, message, prom template, chat, prompt, template.
Krish Naik: So these are some of the examples. See, see over here, it is saying, Hey, sister chat, prompt template system message. Says you are a helpful AI bot.
Krish Naik: Hello! How are you doing? AI says this human says this like this, you can keep on adding as many number of times, so chat, prompt, template is just like a conversational. You have a list of conversation, and you can basically use it. Okay.
Krish Naik: Similarly, here you have, with respect to human message, prom template
Krish Naik: with respect to the human message from my my suggestion would be that. Just go ahead and see some of this. What is string? Prompt, template, what is prompt, template?
Krish Naik: What is this format documentation? This is really important for you all to see right.
Krish Naik: If you are able to see all these things, you get a quick understanding about how things works out here. Okay
Krish Naik: for specific, on how to use prompt template. You can also see some of the guides, even though we will be discussing almost all of this. Okay, step by step. But our main aim is basically to understand things. Okay.
Krish Naik: see output. Parser. Example is also given how to Parse Json output. So here is one example. Right
Krish Naik: here, you can see. Tell me a joke.
Krish Naik: This is with respect to Pydentic. Also, you can see. Now, okay, let's let's see this example.
Krish Naik: Okay, let's see this example.
Krish Naik: And let's focus on over here. Okay.
Krish Naik: just explain me the code, what all things we have done this. Now you'll be able to understand.
Krish Naik: Here, do you see, we have used base model, you remember, what is base model?
Krish Naik: What is this field?
Krish Naik: Yeah, yes or no.
Krish Naik: Tell me.
Krish Naik: see, guys over here we have imported 3 different libraries. Just see this code and tell me whether you are able to understand this or not.
Krish Naik: Just see this code, and just tell me whether you are able to understand or not.
Krish Naik: This is the power, like how we should basically start from the basics. Now see here what we have done. We have imported Json output. Parser. We have a imported, prompt template. We have imported Chat Openai.
Krish Naik: and this is basically for your validation. Right?
Krish Naik: We have imported our chat Openai.
Krish Naik: Do you see, we have created some data model over here.
Krish Naik: Yeah, I want the values in 2 different variables, setup and punchline.
Krish Naik: Right? This description is nothing, but it is a.
Krish Naik: it is a field, it is a field description.
Krish Naik: What this variable does, and here you can see answer to the result. A joke. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now tell me, here is my question. Tell me a joke we are using Json output parser.
Krish Naik: And we can initialize pydentic object is equal to joke. So the same class
Krish Naik: right now, what happens once we provide the same class over here.
Krish Naik: Tell me, tell me what is going to basically happen
Krish Naik: just by providing there are 2 things
Krish Naik: my output should come based on these 2 variables in the form of Json.
Krish Naik: and validation will also happen on this particular class.
Krish Naik: Yeah, then, we have defined the prompt template. We have defined this.
Krish Naik: Now see if I do chain dot invoke.
Krish Naik: Do you see this output?
Krish Naik: Amazing? Right?
Krish Naik: Yes or no.
Krish Naik: Now you understood why Pydentic is super important before. Okay, fine. I if I don't use pydentic.
Krish Naik: Okay? Then what I had to do.
Krish Naik: I had to write all the information over here in the template.
Krish Naik: Yes or no.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: I had to write all the information over here.
Krish Naik: But now what is happening based on this parentic class? Automatically, I can add it to the Json output. Parser.
Krish Naik: Now I want this 2 variables as an output in the form of Json's a setup. Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? Because it was too tired.
Krish Naik: Hmm, nice joke, actually.
Krish Naik: Yes. Okay, let's see some more examples. Let's see some more like this. There are multiple examples in the documentation. You should just know how to see the documentation.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: okay, let's see the parser or get it. The output should be formatted in Json that confirms to the Json schema below right? And it also provides you the entire Json Schema.
Krish Naik: how this Json schema is basically coming up.
Krish Naik: Yeah, just imagine so beautiful. This is right. I don't have to worry about it so easy it has basically become now without pydentic how we used to do, we used to do something like this. Let's see, this is with Pydentic. Okay? So here, I'm going to write a comment
Krish Naik: with Piedentic. Okay with Bydentek. Now, if I go ahead and execute this, this. You know how it is
Krish Naik: now without Pydentic.
Krish Naik: without the Pydantic. Do you see this the same thing?
Krish Naik: Yes, yes or no?
Krish Naik: Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by because it was too tired.
Krish Naik: Now, do you understand the difference between pydentic?
Krish Naik: I'm not using pydenting.
Krish Naik: Make sense.
Krish Naik: These are some beautiful things, right? What's the big difference. What's the big difference? Very simple. You can see that with the help of Pydentic. Okay? And one more thing, I see if the output that is probably coming over here, isn't it the form of string? Yeah, this is also in the form of string. The data. Validation is also getting applied
Krish Naik: right internally over here, right? And however we want based on any number of queues, we can modify it over here.
Krish Naik: right? We can modify it over here and along with that we also apply the data validation clear.
Krish Naik: And here, what we are doing here, we are not applying any data model here. We are just saying that, hey? This is my prompt.
Krish Naik: I need to probably just tell me a joke.
Krish Naik: Only tell me a joke on cat. Let's say that I'll just go ahead and tell tell me a joke on cat.
Krish Naik: I will be getting an answer. Why was the cat sitting on the computer? Because it wanted to keep an eye on the mouse.
Krish Naik: because the joke will also change here. You need to just go ahead and set the temperature value.
Krish Naik: If I keep the temperature value to point 7. The joke will keep on changing.
Krish Naik: See?
Krish Naik: Why did the Scarrow win an award? Because he was he was outstanding in his field.
Krish Naik: Yep.
Krish Naik: then the next example. Let's go ahead and see the next example, documentation is very important how to parse Yaml Xml output.
Krish Naik: Let's see this example.
Krish Naik: Okay. So here, basically, they have used anthropic, no worries. Don't use anthropic. Use something else.
Krish Naik: Okay? So I will copy this.
Krish Naik: Okay, I'll paste it over here.
Krish Naik: Right. They've used anthropic. If you have anthropic Api, go ahead and use it otherwise, just go ahead and use chat. Grok.
Krish Naik: Okay, let's use chat Grok.
Krish Naik: Lets me copy the code because I have written the code along.
Krish Naik: Okay, I can use directly model.
Krish Naik: Okay, so instead of this, I will remove this.
Krish Naik: generate this model dot this. And let's print the output content.
Krish Naik: Okay, I don't have this anthropic. No worries.
Krish Naik: Do you see this?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Krishna Nadigar, this is a basic things. Temperature value ranges between 0 to one
Krish Naik: more towards one, the Llm model becomes much more creative. It tries to provide more different different kind of outputs, more towards 0, then it gives us more almost similar output.
Krish Naik: Yeah, does this make sense everyone
Krish Naik: beautiful? Right?
Krish Naik: Are you able to understand right?
Krish Naik: So this is by prompt template. You can also use Xml output parser tags.
Krish Naik: You can also use multiple things, different things. You can also go ahead and use what to say
Krish Naik: pydentic. Also it is up to you. Try to go ahead and use this.
Krish Naik: Similarly, you have this yaml output.
Krish Naik: See? Yaml output also has the same thing. So I will copy this again. It has used the same
Krish Naik: Pydentic over here.
Krish Naik: Right?
Krish Naik: Does this make sense? I hope everybody has understood this Pratibha? What is the problem? Tell me.
Krish Naik: yeah, what is the problem? Tell me, please.
Krish Naik: is the Llm model itself providing the output in Json format?
Krish Naik: Yeah, because we are writing the prompt over here. Please enclose the movies and movies and movies tag, right?
Krish Naik: You are doing either with prompt or you can either do it with the pandemic model.
Krish Naik: Yeah. So here you can see again. Setup and punch. Line 2 fields.
Krish Naik: This is my chat. Open. AI.
Krish Naik: Tell me a joke.
Krish Naik: Yaml, output parser with joke, and this is done.
Krish Naik: Temperature set to 0 will always try to give the similar output. If I make it 2.5, then it will become much more creative.
Krish Naik: See, this is my yaml output
Krish Naik: yaml output Yaml, Yaml, Yaml is another one more format. Okay?
Krish Naik: So, guys, are you able to understand, like how this entire story is going on. Now, I just taught you some basic things. I taught you pydentic. Now you can probably use this with different different prompts.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: And the best part is that this, all pydentic will also validate it, and speed is almost same.
Krish Naik: Yeah, now it's your turn. Just go ahead and check this page. Okay, so this page, I will also attach it. Okay.
Krish Naik: you have to just go ahead and understand any of this output. Parser.
Krish Naik: Yeah, so can we compare. See.
Krish Naik: this is what is without pyrentic.
Krish Naik: You want to compare it. You can compare it over here. Only see, this is with respect to Pydentic.
Krish Naik: And this is without pydentic.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: So this page, I really want you all to check it out. Okay.
Krish Naik: I you, I want every one of you to check it out.
Krish Naik: Okay, check assignments. This will be an assignments.
Krish Naik: and this will be your output. Parser.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: it is advisable to always use pydantic. Yes, it is good to use pydantic, because data validation also gets applied. So so many different things we learned today. Right? Yeah, no, yes or no.
Krish Naik: we covered all the output parsers. Just imagine.
Krish Naik: now the question rises, Krish, how to go ahead and create your custom output parcels again. There is a page for this.
Krish Naik: See you over here.
Krish Naik: Custom output parser, custom output, parser.
Krish Naik: Just go ahead and explore this particular things.
Krish Naik: You have to write your own custom code for the custom output parser. And then you can convert that into, write it inside a class.
Krish Naik: And just do this.
Krish Naik: Make sense, everyone.
Krish Naik: Oh.
Krish Naik: it's just like you're writing more separate code. Convert that into a parser and do it right. All you have to basically do is that inherit this particular class.
Krish Naik: Once you inherit this class, you will be able to convert this.
Krish Naik: and then here you can see that you're able to get this.
Krish Naik: That is how simple it is.
Krish Naik: And right now I'm telling you they are companies, those who are building document parser. They are building this kind of parsers and all
Krish Naik: the bigger bigger companies, and who are specifically working on this kind of things.
Krish Naik: How was everything, guys? Did you understand?
Krish Naik: How was the today's session? How much would you like to rate out of 5.
Krish Naik: Yeah, are you happy with the session?
Krish Naik: Okay, I'll give you one assignment. Okay, everybody will do this assignment.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: create a simple assistant.
Krish Naik: This assistant should use any Llm.
Krish Naik: It should be integrated with Pydentic.
Krish Naik: and this assistant work is only what you know. Whenever you ask a question related to any product.
Krish Naik: Let's say, e-commerce product. You're asking related to iphone Macbook. Anything.
Krish Naik: This should give you 2 information.
Krish Naik: One is product, name product details.
Krish Naik: tentative price.
Krish Naik: This tentative price should be in Usd.
Krish Naik: okay, this should be in string.
Krish Naik: This should be in stream.
Krish Naik: This Usd can be an integer or float.
Krish Naik: Please do this assignment? Is it easy?
Krish Naik: Use, chat, prompt, template.
Krish Naik: So this is the assignment for everybody.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: okay.
Krish Naik: this is the detail of the product. Okay, some guy some.
Krish Naik: and I will upload this over here also.
Krish Naik: Okay, none.
Krish Naik: And then I will also make sure to give this updated file. Since we have discussed more things over here.
Krish Naik: 1st of all, implement it, and in the tomorrow's class. What I will do. I'll share a Google drive link where everybody needs to create a Github account. Upload all the assignments over there, and you have to submit it right? So all the assignments will be done in one place.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: good enough.
Krish Naik: How was the session overall?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: happy with how I'm teaching the flow, the speed.
Krish Naik: basic things I will take time to cover up.
Krish Naik: I really want you all to learn it in a best way.
Krish Naik: Okay, learn it in a way that matters.
Krish Naik: That is really important. Then, only you will be able to grow in your life. Okay.
Krish Naik: try to do multiple examples, each and everything tracing, let it be and all. Yes, if you have any queries, we are there to clear your doubts. I know some people may face problems with respect to tracing with respect to some keys and all. Okay.
Krish Naik: Sunny, I have you taken the material.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, sir.
Sunny Savita: Can you come again.
Krish Naik: The material I've given you. Also keep a copy of it. If somebody.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, I downloaded that material. And even, I'm sharing with the team.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: So
Krish Naik: now it's time that yes, doubt clearing session will be there. But before that I go I know some people will not be even happy with the session. I I don't know like what additional thing I need to do. But that's okay.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: But I will try my level best to probably do it. Okay, so I'm launching one poll. So please go ahead and provide your ratings.
Krish Naik: This ratings are important for me to grow to do things. And all right, it is important. With respect to this. Please make sure that yeah. See practice. That thing is required from your side. I cannot help other than that I can help you with respect to queries with respect to this things implementation, but the more you practice, the more better you become right. That is what I'd like to say. Okay.
Krish Naik: But again, our main aim is that we learn it in a pay that everybody understand each and everything. Okay, and we'll keep on doing that. Okay. But overall, I think 2 and a half hour sessions we have taken. Now it's 1043
Krish Naik: it's good that we are able to cover most things. Tomorrow we are going to start with traditional rags. Okay? And tomorrow will be much more interesting because traditional rags are really, really important than how things we probably go ahead. It is really, really good. Okay, some people are visual learners. Correlation between model problem might not be easy. Just encode. Just use the scribble pad to show as a simple but as all.
Krish Naik: Thank you. Thank you.
Krish Naik: So break yes, 15 min you'll be able to get. That's it that we are planning at. But other than that, assignments, coding materials. It's all about how you practice. Well, okay.
Krish Naik: not right now. Llm, evaluation is not right. Now. We will also try to create Llm evaluation and all. Okay.
Krish Naik: some people are giving only 3 Star Y, or why I'm not begging for it. But see, I'm
Krish Naik: I'm the owner itself of the company, but it will always be good to give the right feedbacks in a correct way.
Krish Naik: and don't worry. We will also solve all the questions that you have and all we'll try to focus on that, too.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: we require more information.
Krish Naik: Star. Pemageous, sir.
Krish Naik: we required more information. What industries are using it step by step. Yeah, we'll start from somewhere.
Krish Naik: You'll be seeing different types of rags and all. And all right.
Krish Naik: yeah, today class is almost done. Now we'll go ahead with the doubt clearing sessions
Krish Naik: everything. We'll go ahead and discuss very good session perfect.
Krish Naik: Any feedback. See? Let me know any feedback. See, I cannot entertain simple, simple question. That is, for sure. I know some people may be angry for that
Krish Naik: I cannot entertain those. Okay. I only have to entertain good questions, questions that are related to topics.
Krish Naik: If somebody asked me, sir, my!
Krish Naik: This file is not getting installed, and all
Krish Naik: there I cannot. Those are something like you. All should have right
Krish Naik: you you all should have some knowledge. Yes, you're getting error, which you are learning for the 1st time. Then, definitely, we are there to help you out. Okay.
Krish Naik: somebody may be paid to give negative feedback. That is also possible.
Krish Naik: Say, I don't care about negative feedback. There's so many people in this world who keep on putting some or the other things. You know how many people attack us, you know, from everywhere. Last month there were like 300 people in a month. Just imagine.
Krish Naik: there are 300 people who were
Krish Naik: just give me a second guys.
Krish Naik: Okay, I'll tell you one incident, what has happened. Okay, so from past 2 months, you know, like our Udemy user base. You know, it's somewhere around more than 1 80 k, 1, 80 k, 200 people, 200 k, from from 1 83 countries right? I showed you a map also in the 1st session
Krish Naik: in a day, in a day. Right? 1 51 star marks, you know, and
Krish Naik: the best best plan was that people who give one star,
Krish Naik: when I probably went and saw the analytics like, it was 0% complete. Okay?
Krish Naik: And after probably giving one start, they have also taken the refund. Just imagine, like, from where all attacks will definitely come right.
Krish Naik: There were days what happened is that because of this, many, many websites, right? Many like I don't know. There was some kind of bot attack, and websites were down completely down.
Krish Naik: So there's so many different different activities that usually happen, and we need to take care of it. So it's it's always good, I know. See, Udemy. If you have probably seen our Udemy courses, it's like one of the best courses that we have recorded, it's like 50 60 h of content. And obviously there will be competition
Krish Naik: throughout the world. Because obviously, if people are buying 3, ₹99 courses, you know, or 5 ₹99 courses. It is going to impact their lacks and lacks of money right? For the courses itself.
Krish Naik: Yeah, so that way, you really need to take care of it. And I've seen this lot of attacks from everywhere some or the other way, but they'll not come openly right openly is one of the very important thing they'll just do in the back
Krish Naik: right?
Krish Naik: Not only this. There are some people over here also. What they do is that they buy the course, and then they directly do something like one of the incident for this particular batch itself. I gave the Udemy free course right
Krish Naik: now that guy. What he did. What he did is that? He asked. The 2.0 access was basically given to him like, he bought the 2 point. Oh, Batch, and for our comfort, you know we provide you udemy courses for free right? Let's say I've provided you that right
Krish Naik: now. That guy. What he's done is that he has probably learned everything from Udemy finished off, and then he's saying that I don't want this course.
Krish Naik: You know you please refund it. So this kind of way things are also happening right? And this thing we basically come to know from our team like this is the thing that is happening. Krish and many, many of my team members are saying so. Why did you probably give the course completely for free for Udemy and all? You know, these people do not like, you know some people are very good, like some people will always go in this specific path, you know. They'll just go and ask that. Please give me the refund. Otherwise we'll do this. We'll do that that kind of things right.
Krish Naik: And again, we need to handle that. So there, there are a lot of
Krish Naik: attacks from everywhere, and it is very difficult to tackle each and everything. Okay.
Krish Naik: But again, we will go. We will go to that point where we are focusing on doing the right thing, and we'll keep on doing the right thing. Okay? Because what I feel is that unless and until we do the right thing, we will always get that value.
Krish Naik: We'll always get that things that we like. Okay.
Krish Naik: And that is the thing that happens. But it's okay. Things are things. But we we have to always make sure to take care of that.
Krish Naik: and we'll keep on working on it. Okay.
Krish Naik: perfect this, was it. Now let's go towards your doubt, clearing Sunny. You there.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yes, sir, I am here.
Krish Naik: I think you can show your face also, I guess.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, just a second.
Krish Naik: Yeah. So guys everybody meet Sunny. So Sunny will also be there who will be taking this batch? There may be scenarios in some weekend that I have to probably travel somewhere and all right. So it is always good that we work in a team
Krish Naik: where there are people to teach you. Take your doubts, do multiple things. So yes, Sunny, I think you can continue the doubt clearing sessions itself. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, okay, sir, I will.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, if you have any doubt, you can raise your hand, and one by one we'll unmute you? Okay.
Sunny Savita: give me a second.
Krish Naik: I think you can make yourself host. No.
Sunny Savita: Eos.
Sunny Savita: sir, can you make me a host? I am not getting option of it.
Krish Naik: Okay. Done.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Now I am host.
Sunny Savita: Oh, okay. So, Chattanya. What's your doubt? Chattanya? Please go ahead with the doubt.
chaitanya: Yeah, I know. I'm sorry. This is a very, very relevant question. But I want to talk to someone in the chat like in the community. If can I do it individually?
chaitanya: Oh.
Sunny Savita: In community. Right? You can in community forum. You are asking correct.
chaitanya: Yeah, yeah, I want to track to him directly. And then I want to send him a direct message. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: I think option we haven't enabled, sir. Have we enabled that option right.
Krish Naik: No, no! Whom you want to communicate.
chaitanya: I just wanted to communicate with Rajeshmakuri, so he's from Zoom.
Krish Naik: So you can directly chat in the Whatsapp in the community. Chat right.
chaitanya: Know, but lots of lots of messages are going forward, and I don't know whether he's seeing it or not. So I just wanted that's it.
Krish Naik: Said, like that we cannot.
chaitanya: You know, irrelevant. I know I'm sorry about that. Yeah, we can. If you want, we can go ahead.
Krish Naik: You try to communicate in the Linkedin? No, sir, personal Linkedin platform. Please connect on Linkedin. No.
chaitanya: Yeah, yeah, sure, I already messaged him. But yeah, anyways, yeah, thank you so much. No problem.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So next out is Mammoon. Please go ahead with the doubt.
Mamoon Bashir: Hi, thank you so much for all these interesting sessions and lectures.
Mamoon Bashir: I have subscribed. My question is with, for crystal. I have subscribed to 3 courses. One is this one, the second one is big data and cloud. The 3rd one is data sciences courses.
Mamoon Bashir: So am I eligible for the AI pro core badge.
Sunny Savita: That's.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, you can just talk to our counseling team. Okay? So here.
Mamoon Bashir: I mean.
Krish Naik: The number.
Mamoon Bashir: I I talked to to the member the number of your Academy ending at 44 0. But he was saying that only recent launch course fees can be adjusted. So in your case, only.
Krish Naik: Yes, sir, recent recent. Because, see the 30 thing is that now one of the most important question is that, sir, we have taken last year courses also, so please accommodate everything and give me everything that will not be possible. So, Max, to Max, we are taking 2 courses, and we are adjusting the remaining amount. Okay.
Mamoon Bashir: Alright! How recent you are. Referring, how much recent.
Krish Naik: Within this 2 to 3 months the day we have launched the AI pro batch now, because in a full financial year now we have some plans of launching this many number of batches. So based on that, my team has basically done that step. Okay.
Mamoon Bashir: Alright. One more request is like, I'm a devops and devops engineer like. If I used to teach someone with the respect to terraform or infrastructure code, or the docker or these tools. Right? So I would like to show somebody a big picture based upon that picture. I will
Mamoon Bashir: break that picture into chunks, so I will request you to please before starting a bear before starting any topic, how can we fit that particular topic into a big picture, into a full agentic. AI
Krish Naik: So that only I'm telling you, sir, if I talk about it right now. No, it will be difficult for everybody to understand. See, I can give you hundreds of use cases right now.
Krish Naik: But if we are building in a way like how we are learning right now, you will just understand it within 3 to 4 classes. So don't worry about it. Just trust on our teaching.
Mamoon Bashir: Right, all right.
Krish Naik: I know many people will be interested so directly. Talk about the use case, you know, in the real world use case. But if I give you like that. That is not how the learning will happen.
Krish Naik: Okay, so this.
Mamoon Bashir: Already noted.
Mamoon Bashir: Continue, please, so much.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Sunny. Can you repeat.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So Mammoon is done. Now, Peter, what's your doubt? Please go ahead with the doubt. Sridhar.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Banu and Shweetha. Anyone is there. Please go ahead.
Sridhar: Hello, sir! Thank you for the class. And it is really really nice.
Sridhar: And I have one question, sir, in the today's class we have seen a prompt template where we are asking a query and taking the response from the Llm. So where is the chaining, sir? I mean, where is the continuous interaction based on the 1st question. Answer, how we ask the second question.
Sridhar: yeah, this is my case.
Sunny Savita: So that there, actually, you can create a sequential chain. Okay? Means, sir, has shown you with that pipe operator. Now, right? So right after one chain, you can connect one more chain.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so let's say, if you are asking a question which is going flow with the one chain. Okay, the same output. Basically, it will go to the next chain. Likewise it will be continue. So there are different different type of training chaining, basically so sequential chaining parallel chaining. Okay, even conditional chaining is also there. So if you want that, I can show you that particular example in the next class, okay.
Sridhar: Okay. And are we going to discuss something on that? Whatever Sunny says you told now like sequential training and all.
Sunny Savita: Full show.
Sridhar: Conditional training secrets. Are we going to discuss tomorrow or some sometime in the future?
Sunny Savita: We can show you.
Krish Naik: Sir, sir. Understand one thing, we have to follow some syllabus pattern right?
Krish Naik: How we are expecting to teach that in the 1st class itself. So we are saying that, hey, let's go with this flow. Okay, in the next class, we will learn that. Then we'll learn one more topic like that, we'll build an end to end project. Finally.
Sridhar: Okay, okay, sir, sure, thank you. Then I just want to understand, since we are today and tomorrow only we have 2 classes for land chain. So I want to ask you, are we going to come to that stage? Maybe, if not at all.
Krish Naik: Yes.
Sridhar: Maybe tomorrow or so, whatever.
Krish Naik: We will be teaching. We'll be teaching from basics, and then we will build up. We'll build up in a way that we build conversational Chatbot later on.
Sridhar: Okay. Okay. Okay.
Krish Naik: Like that. It will be.
Sridhar: Yeah, fine, sir, thank you. Class is very nice, sir. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, thank you, Sheila.
Sunny Savita: Next doubt. Manu. Go ahead with the doubts.
Sunny Savita: Anu sayyed Shrikant. Guys. Anyone is there? Please ask your question.
shrikant: Hi! Hi! Sunny Hi! Hi! Krish! Thanks. Thanks for letting me asking the question. So my question is, when when Christ was teaching Langchain, and he said, not Langchain Langsmith, it is for tracing. So my question is, I mean, is Langsmith
shrikant: good to use for production use cases, as he mentioned that if you're using any sensitive information don't use Langsmith. So 1st question is, is Langsmith good to use for my production use cases? If not? What are the other options available.
Sunny Savita: So if company allows to you right see.
Sunny Savita: free in free plan. Actually, you don't have any sort of a security over there, right. So if you are going to purchase a commercial plan or enterprise plan there, they will provide you some security feature. So in that case you can use it.
Sunny Savita: So that architect right, whoever is the architect of your project that's going to make a decision whether we have to use this language or not the 3rd party application for expose our data. Okay. Now, instead of the link chain, what we can do, what all thing, what other thing we can use. So what we do generally, we use, we write a logging exception, everything manually. Okay, while we develop any sort of a code.
Sunny Savita: And we render the log. Okay? Where? Let's say we are going to be deployed over any cloud. So over their cloud itself, you will find out that particular service. Let's say, sir, has given you the example of the cloud watch. Okay. So, using the cloud watch itself in the same way, we can trace the logging and exception, everything.
shrikant: So are there any, I mean, see Cloudwatch, and are used right for all services like Langsmith, which is specialized for Llm. Tracing prompt.
Sunny Savita: How it is working. Now, whenever you are going to be, configure it. See, whenever you are going to be installed the length. And now, automatically, that SDK is going to be installed inside your system. Okay? And the coding whenever you are going to write any sort of a code and all, if you're going to be configured using the lanction, Api now so automatically is going to be, trace that thing right. But if you don't want to be. Use this thing manually, you will have to configure that.
Sunny Savita: Good evening.
shrikant: Are there any other cloud based? Llm. Specific tracing like Langsmith available.
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Sunny Savita: to be honest, I haven't explored that even I built couple of investigate project there. I configure the the cloud based logging only the logging system. Okay, yeah. So
Sunny Savita: again, this could be a decision
Sunny Savita: of your tech lead, or like, whoever is going to be design that system, if you are like. If you want to expose your data to the language. If you don't have any issue with a commercial plan, then go ahead with that, otherwise configure it in a manual way. Okay.
shrikant: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
shrikant: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Banu, please go ahead with the doubt.
Bhanu prasad: Yeah. Christian, explaining about how to create the custom. For, sir, actually, I have not. I completely understand.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Bhanu prasad: Can you explain me?
Sunny Savita: Custom, parser is nothing. Custom parser means whatever
Sunny Savita: output is being generated through the Llm. Okay.
Sunny Savita: you just want some authority on that right like, how it is being generated. So in whatever format you want to generate, let's say you've given an instruction to your Llm. I want to generate in Json format in Xml. Or in HTML, right in yaml format. So you can do that. So custom see pre inbuilt classes is also there as well as the custom classes, is also there. In custom classes there will be little more configuration, and all would be there. Okay.
Sunny Savita: so you have to export that. Just explore that particular page of the land. General. Okay, if you have some doubt, then you can ask. Got it.
Bhanu prasad: Okay. Thank you.
syed abu: Yeah, Hi, sunny.
Sunny Savita: Yes, I am.
syed abu: Yeah, I want to ask, like, which is having more accuracy in pydantic, prompt template, or the Json output parser.
syed abu: or is it depends.
Sunny Savita: See, whenever we have to validate the output on an industry level. Okay? So we use the Pyrene tech
Sunny Savita: right? We have other ways. Also, we have some like the legacy parser as well. Okay, directly we can use the Json Parser. Xml. Parser. Okay, even after generating a output from the Llm. What we can do. We can pass it to the pass it to the Json dot load as well. Okay, it will load your data in a Json format. But again, you don't know now what mistake this Llm. Is going to make, whether it's a comma inverted comma, right? Whether it's a
Sunny Savita: it is going to be generated in some other form. Right? 99%. You are going to play with the Json only. Okay. So
Sunny Savita: I would suggest you be a master of the parentic.
Sunny Savita: it is having a like lots of potential. And yeah, and even you are going to use that, not into your Llm. Generated output in the other as well like past Api and all, while you are going to be, talk to your on your server client as well that you are passing the data from here and there. Right at that time. Also, you are going to validate the output, using the identity.
syed abu: Pardon.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
syed abu: Okay. Okay. Thanks.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So so, Shikan, what's your dog? Please go ahead. Shikan.
shrikant: Sunny. I think I asked my question. I was the one who asked before him.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Got it? Thank you.
Sunny Savita: So yeah, this also done, let me remove the access.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, the next guy is Sanjeev Atryo Tejashvi, Surya Vijay, guys, please go ahead. What's your down? Please?
surya: Can I go there?
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Surya, please go ahead.
surya: Yeah, can you share my screen?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can share. Who is there? Surya? Right?
surya: Yeah, yeah, because this tracing is not working somehow.
Sunny Savita: Sanjeev. What's your doubt, Sanjeev.
sanjeev: Sunny few questions. See in the requirements dot txt. I saw that the version was not mentioned. Okay, so do we need to mention the versions also in requirements, dot txt.
Sunny Savita: Yes, we need to mention a version. While we are going to be deployed, the application. The same version we pick. Okay in the development deployment environment. So how you can take that version. You just need to write the pip list. Okay, you will get all the versions of that specific package. Just mention inside the reconth. Okay? And there is a like command line. We also, once you will write Pip, freeze this.
Sunny Savita: basically what it is called. This open.
sanjeev: Greater than greater than.
Sunny Savita: Greater than correct, greater than sign. You can write that and then recontxt, it will automatically create a recurtxt with the version itself. Okay.
sanjeev: Okay, see, I have another question. See what happened many a times when I run in Collab or Vs code, right? There is a lot of version compatibility between these libraries or between this thing, right?
Sunny Savita: Cool.
sanjeev: When I just run when I just do a requirement dot txt, right? How is the version picked up? In that case?
Sunny Savita: Version picked up with your current version means, let's say you return in the this one required txt link chain. You install that so whatever latest version is there, it will picked up.
sanjeev: See, I'll tell you, for example, right? As on day. If you go to Youtube, for example, or go to Internet.
sanjeev: there are many examples available. Some of them might be have been written 6 months or one year back, say, for example, Krish's series also right? If I pick up old one. For example, he might have done 6 months back right. If you try to run today, it might give some compatibility issue between libraries. Right? For example, Langchain, whatever you say. No, no, you have to go and use this version, then you have to update a version.
sanjeev: But if you start using the version, something else breaks. So I was working on a rag, Chatbot 2, 3 days back when I updated something something else broke and that keeps happening right? So how is that? Taken care? Automatically.
Sunny Savita: That. That's what I'm saying. Now see, sir, in tutorial, it is not possible to tell you. Let's say, today, I'm develop that code. Okay.
Sunny Savita: just to teach you right? I'm not maintaining a version and all, it's fine, right? I given to you that code. Maybe after 5, 6 time you are running that. And maybe you're facing some issue. You resolve that. But in a real type development, it's not going to be like this.
sanjeev: Correct.
Sunny Savita: So just think with that that perspective. Let's say you return a recond of txt. Okay.
Sunny Savita: you install some version. You executed a code. So after executing your code, you will preserve that version. Okay, my code is working fine with this python, and with this this version I'll I'll keep this one, whether I have to containerize or I have to download it again, or some other service I'll pick up on. I will preserve only this versions
Sunny Savita: understood. So 1st run the code, execute the code. If it is working, just preserve that. Vo that version, okay of the recon txt and then migrate to any other server, or with any container, got it.
sanjeev: Yeah, second question is that, see today what Krish was telling is that you have to give the Langchten key. But I have been working on Langton since a long time I did not provide a Langton Api key. So is that Api key necessary for using Langchain? I don't think so. Right.
Sunny Savita: No, it is only necessary just to trace your overland logs and all correct.
sanjeev: Only if I use Langsmith then, only it's.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, it is only necessary for the language.
sanjeev: Okay, then, Langchain lang. So these are open source. Right?
Sunny Savita: Hmm, no. Languagesmith is not open source. Couple of just for the testing. Okay? They have open source with some sort of a free tire, and all that's it.
sanjeev: Okay.
Sunny Savita: We have an enterprise offered enterprise level of it.
Sunny Savita: Because this logging, tracing itself like the very confidential thing, often.
sanjeev: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Right. No one want to expose their project or any to their data to anyone. So that's why.
sanjeev: In case but sunny, then question is that imagine a corporate right? If they use Langchain, and they, if they want to do tracing, how will they do it?
Sunny Savita: That's what I'm saying now. They never configure this language. They do it manually.
sanjeev: So.
Sunny Savita: If you are going to be traced, what you are tracing, tell me at which time what step is running.
sanjeev: Perfect. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So can you not be configure this thing, using the exception handling, or this logger? You can do it now.
sanjeev: Correct. Correct. Yeah, I had to do the trace. Login.
Sunny Savita: That's a very important part of any project. See? Without logging exception. Now, you're not going to be even deploy a single project.
Sunny Savita: got it.
Sunny Savita: That's the important thing.
Vijay: See use case.
Sunny Savita: Just a little.
sanjeev: Why I'm saying this because, right correct. See? Some days back, even, I was facing few weeks back, I was facing a challenge with this open today, for example, Chris was facing the open Api key. He was facing a problem right? So I was facing right. I went to open Api, open a open AI, and I saw that the request was not coming there. Okay, I do not know what was what was happening that time.
sanjeev: Request is not coming there, but at the same time, on my ui in colab or Vs code, it is showing that your key is not correct, so I do not know what has happened. So in such cases, then we do not know. Right? See? But if it reaches Langsmith, the tracing, I'll be able to figure out that. Yes, the request is actually gone. There isn't some scenarios. If I do trace log, it will only show. Okay, boss, your Api key as simple as that. Correct, but I don't even know it reaches there or not. So there'll be gray areas like this. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So how to take care of the situation? You have to take care of the situation, using the exception block. See? In exception, block. There is a 2 way of taking care of this thing. First, st you can raise the exception. So while you are raising, it will stop your program automatically while it is not able to figure out your key. The second, you can log that exception.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's say in your blog, it is not able to figure out. See? Crystal was also facing the same issue. Right? Let's say the key was not able to connect, or something like that.
sanjeev: Great.
Sunny Savita: So what you will do, you will log that particular exception, that error. Okay. So either raise the error or log. That exception got it.
sanjeev: Yeah, correct. Yeah, yeah, thanks. A few more questions. Sorry for that. See? In a production kind of environment. Right? How do you run this. See here, for example, I am doing one on one. I go and create in Vs code, in production kind of environment. How we do, for example, let's take a Java, for example. Right? Java application. You have a web server, your application hosted, and then anyone can go from there. You ui! And they can connect to that right application, correct.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
sanjeev: Here? How will I make it to work.
Sunny Savita: In the same way we are going to be exposed. This application is Api, okay, that the fulfills application. We are going to deploy to any other server through the container or to any raw server. Right? And then we are making it public that public URL is being provided by any of the cloud. Right? So I think you know the IP that domain name, and all right. So in the same way, like any application, we are going to be execute. Now, in the same way, we are going to be running this one.
sanjeev: Okay, the sequential. See? You said about the sequential chain. Right? And then in rag also, you have something called the multi hop questioning, you can do using rag. Also. Okay, correct.
Sunny Savita: Hmm! Is it.
sanjeev: Going to behave the same way like. And how is the data structure, for that matter? See the rag.
Sunny Savita: Which one for which one sorry multi.
sanjeev: You just not said about chain. Right? There's sequential chain parallel chain got it, is there?
sanjeev: And in rag also, right? You can have. Say, for example, you have a single conversation, and you can have a chain conversation also. Right? Correct. So what? So what we just went through that right chat, template and all correct. So in the rag, when we structure the rag, right? Say, rag is ultimately going to come from data. Okay, when you structure the data, how will you structure data? You'll just put a Pdf or you put a Csv, which will be better in that case, or you'll put a Json kind of thing. How will you do it? If it is a multiple step? Questions, right? How will you structure the data itself?
Sunny Savita: So see, sir, is structure I don't know. Like, with respect to what you're talking about the structure right.
sanjeev: No, no, I'll I'll explain. Explain, explain one second. Sorry. So when you do a rag, for example. Right?
sanjeev: Hmm. So
sanjeev: you have some data. You have right? Some data you have. You are going to refer that and ask questions. Correct. Now, I can put a hundred page 100 page archive something and then say, okay, I want to ask questions from that archive document. I'm just giving an example. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
sanjeev: Now. So that is archive will typically be a normal Pdf, right? But again, when I do a rag it could be several times, for example, if your customer support is there right conversation correct? In such case, when I do a multiple hop, right or multiple questioning? So how should I maintain that particular document.
Sunny Savita: That's what I'm saying now, for that you will have to 1st of all set up the ingestion pipeline. Let's say, if it is in any format, whether it's a Csv format text format document, format Xml format on flow charts, or maybe tables. Right? With that particular, the specific format you will have to store into the vector database. That's your 1st challenge.
sanjeev: Correct, embedding it correctly.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. So for that, we have a several ways in a luncheon itself, we have a document class. Okay, you can convert any sort of your text data into the document. You can store it into the vector, database. As I am betting and rest sort of data, you can keep it as a metadata.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's say you just have a text in the Pdf convert. Do the chunking convert that convert into the embedding, and you store inside the vector database and rest of the field like
Sunny Savita: file name, file path. You can keep it as a metadata. Let's say the same data you have in the Csv in the Csv, also, you have the text field convert into the embedding, keep it inside your vector, database and rest of the field. You can keep it as a metadata, right? So there is a.
sanjeev: I'll be structuring the data.
sanjeev: Say, this will go on for some time, because I have a lot of questions around this. What you're saying, say, for example, right.
Sunny Savita: So I would suggest, send you to see.
sanjeev: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: You are going to be like. See? Again, you have a lot of question, I understand. So 1st let us complete this part when this topic will come. You can ask to this question, okay? Because, the other.
Krish Naik: Tomorrow tomorrow we
Krish Naik: we'll have that session, Sanjeev. Anyhow. Tomorrow tomorrow we'll start with the rack part also, and slowly, slowly, we'll build things. Don't worry.
Krish Naik: Correct. I'm good.
sanjeev: One more question right about chat template. Can I upload a document there also.
Krish Naik: That tomorrow that only I'm saying you. Okay in that chat, Tom. How much big prompt you will try to write right. There'll be a limitation.
sanjeev: Correct.
Krish Naik: Let's try to show you how you can provide your context through that particular, prompt template.
sanjeev: Correct. Correct. Yes.
Krish Naik: Like that input is coming. Right? It is just like a context that is coming right.
sanjeev: Correct.
Krish Naik: Similarly in tomorrow's session. What we'll do. We'll discuss all this specific stuff.
sanjeev: Okay. Thanks. Krish, thanks, honey. Thanks.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so I think someone was sharing their screen. Right, can you come again? Or who was there? Vijaya? Right, Vijay or Teja screen
Sunny Savita: Tomal asking regarding this.
tejashvi: No, no, not I'm asking regarding that. I have only one thing, so I'm not able to ask any kind of question during the session. So whatever the giving the answer to other people. So where I write the question, maybe the Webinar chat, or the QA.
Sunny Savita: You can write into the chat itself. So whenever, sir, or let's say I'm taking a session. Whenever someone will look into that question, we'll answer of that question. Okay.
tejashvi: Okay. So everyone asking the question, they are only webinar chat, right?
tejashvi: Correct in a chat.
tejashvi: So.
Sunny Savita: Don't write in A. Qa. Okay.
tejashvi: Okay? Okay? Because last 3 session, I'm asking. So I am not getting this one. So that's why I'm worried. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Thank you.
atriyo: Bye.
Vijay: So we are trying to just a second.
Sunny Savita: Then wait, Vijay, and then a trio. Vijay. Please go ahead with the.
Vijay: Yeah, can we communicate between Llms using land chain? Can we
Vijay: like? Let's say, for example, since you are connecting to one Llm, can you communicate between multiple Llms? That is one thing, and I want a concrete use case for lunch and how it is being currently used.
Sunny Savita: How do you? Sorry?
Vijay: Concrete use case of a land chain where exactly it is used in real time.
Sunny Savita: Language is being used for developing this. Ai based application for rag engines, right?
Sunny Savita: So as we'll progress with our projects and the other stuff. You will get to know that where it is.
Vijay: Is there use cases beyond conversational conversational chat, and more more beyond that.
Sunny Savita: See, it is being built for the the like for that ecosystem itself. Okay, so see we have a Llm.
Sunny Savita: Right? And with that Llm. What you can do either you can do the question answer. You can generate something. You can summarize something right? You can parse, or something. You can give the image table whatever kind of data, right? So if you want to build any application around to that Llm for these kind of use cases right? For that. Only this lengthen have been created.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so prompting, chaining, model, embedding model. Apart from this one, different, different, enable different different way of collecting a data Api integration tool integration. Right? So that's why they have created this link chain. Once we'll cover the rest of the thing, you will get a broader picture
Sunny Savita: understood.
Vijay: Okay, yeah. Got it. Thanks.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we're just done. Now, Atrio, please go ahead with the doubt.
atriyo: Yeah. So during the session, Krishna mentioned that the temperature of an Llm ranges between 0 and one. But in case of Openai as well, and I was checking in the Internet as well, so we can set it between 0 and 2 till 2. It takes the value beyond 2, it is throwing an error so as Sir mentioned that it is between 0 and one. So how's the thing actually goes on.
Sunny Savita: So you are right means the range of it. It is up to 2 only. Okay.
Sunny Savita: but we can set between. I think it is 0 to 2. Maybe I'm even not also sure. Because, see, whenever we have a crucial information, whenever we have to generate something, not that creative right? We want a straightforward answer. We just keep it. 0. Only.
Sunny Savita: Okay, most of the time I have seen right? So you can tweak that value, and according to that, you can play, you can judge your answer. You don't need to set up any Openai key or something for that. Just play in the playground itself. Jimny playground, is there cloud, is there? Even this grog playground is also there. Right? So just test with the different different input and also check. What is the range of that particular temperature value? Got it.
atriyo: Right. So I have tried so actually based on the based on the concepts of the temperature. So as temperature is getting 0. So the peak of the logics, for a particular token is getting high, and if it is like more than one or nearly 2, so it is a flat kind of curve that is coming for the logics. So so that was that, was I was thinking so. Whether it has a particular range for a particular Llm. Or is it constant for all the models that are available.
Sunny Savita: No, sir, see, it is a constant. It is like, in a starting, the by default, it will be a 0 1 for all the model. Okay? And see it is a hyper parameter tuning.
Sunny Savita: you know, hyperparameter tuning
Sunny Savita: in a machine learning? Right? So it is the same kind of parameter we can. I cannot give you the exact value. Let's say I'm giving you the value 0 point 7 7 1 3. Will you use that value for your entire life while you are testing with Llm. No, right? So that's what I'm saying. You will have to test that you can't. You can only make a conclusion.
atriyo: We shouldn't.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
atriyo: Sonny, my question is a bit different. So I'm asking about the range, not the exact value. I'm.
Sunny Savita: Range. That's what I'm saying. I also will have to check. Let me check. Okay, if I'm ask if you're asking what is the exact range. I think it is up to 2 only.
atriyo: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Just a second.
Krish Naik: See, I said 0 to one, because before it was 0 to one I think they've added another 2. It's just like, see, but the understanding is very simple, the lower the value more predictable, the responses.
atriyo: Determine.
Krish Naik: More higher, yeah, more higher, the value. It will be more diverse and creative. That's it. And don't don't waste much of your time over there.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sir, I I got the rate. It is 0 to 2 only. Okay, so a 3 you can check. I'm just checking with their values. So 0 means more deterministic. And 2 means the maximum randomness you will get in the
Sunny Savita: yeah, that.
atriyo: Okay, okay, yeah, I'm done. And the next thing is so regarding the assignments. So we need to create.
Pushpender Kumar: Yeah. Github.
atriyo: So I have my github account. So I'll be uploading.
atriyo: Please go ahead.
atriyo: Yeah. So we need to create a repository over there, and we'll be sharing that repository with you for the assignments. Part right.
Sunny Savita: How to share that we'll let you know as of now you can keep it, and you can see you. It's a better thing like if you can keep your all the assignment, the single place. So Github is the best choice for it. Okay.
atriyo: Okay. Okay, fine. Yes. I'm done.
Sunny Savita: Okay at 3 0 is done. Now, pushpin pushpen neeraj anyone is there? Please go ahead.
Neeraj Singla: Yeah, my question is regarding assignment. So in that Krish, sir, mentioned that we need to fetch product details, do we need to define or find some kind of e-commerce Api, where we can hit using Llm. And fetch the details like, can you clarify on that assignment little bit.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can do that, ma'am. Okay? So if you want to integrate any real time
Sunny Savita: integration, right? With respect to the product, detail and all now feel free to do that. Okay.
Neeraj Singla: Okay, okay? And is there any do you know any Api which is open related to any e-commerce site.
Neeraj Singla: or it's freely available now.
Sunny Savita: See all the
Sunny Savita: see I would suggest you. You can use the beautiful soap, only selenium is there, and see, there are different different Llm based. this tools. Also, you will get nowadays. Okay, so firecrawler is one of their you can check. Okay? Or else just do one thing to go inside the Ction documentation to check out with the tool section. Okay, there you will find out multiple for scrapping the website or for scrapping the Internet, and all got it.
Neeraj Singla: Okay, and my second question is, we mentioned in the chain like, we all the tools that we have used are based on Langchain itself. Is it also possible that I create something of my own which is not related to Langchain just for an example, something around traditional Mn model
Neeraj Singla: possible to pass that as well.
Sunny Savita: Custom. Yeah, custom tool. Also, you can create with a custom functionality, even. No need to use the links over there. Okay,
Sunny Savita: even, I can teach you that in a language session, how to create a custom tool with a custom functionality. Okay.
Neeraj Singla: Okay, thank you so much. This is it.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, ma'am.
Sunny Savita: Pushpen. Please go ahead with it.
Pushpender Kumar: Hi, Sunny. Okay? So my question is, maybe it would be like my personal one. It's related to that these 2 Apis Groke, and
Pushpender Kumar: this open AI, so these actually, I'm using my you know, office laptop. I, my personal laptop note is is not in good condition. So these I means I'm getting error. I came to know these are bloke. Looks like, okay. So maybe, is there any alternate way since I need to learn things also, if I you know, maybe any alternate way, any work around or something
Sunny Savita: Regarding model. You are asking means
Sunny Savita: company AI, and grog. So means what? What issue you're facing.
Pushpender Kumar: No, that means. I searched the error. It is saying that it is blocked from your organization.
Sunny Savita: Okay, it blocked from your organization. Maybe. Right? So even my, one of the Ids got blocked. So just do one thing, log in with a different id and generate Api key.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Because I think, see, sometime we are not pulling the terms and condition right? We are regular. We are like violating some rules. Okay of this block and all means, while we are generating IP, we are not reading the terms and condition now. So right by mistake. If you are violating any rules they are blocking to us. Don't worry. Do one thing if it is not your production account, or if it is not an important business account, create a new account. Okay, generate IP, and use that as simple as that. Okay.
Pushpender Kumar: Meaning you are suggesting to open sorry to create a new
Sunny Savita: Google, id, Google, id, yeah, with a new Google Id, just log into the Grock website.
Pushpender Kumar: Okay. But I don't think so. So it looks like, means, whatever the growth keyword, if they are sensing it my organization or open AI or Llm. Moderator. So they have blocked these IP, or any request or traffic. So in that.
Sunny Savita: Can you show me? Just share your screen? Okay, show me, please.
Pushpender Kumar: Yeah, so, how can I share my screen?
Sunny Savita: Sharing in the I'm adding you as a panelist.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Meanwhile, I can take other doubt. Chintan, what's your doubt? Chintan? Chintan? Shaha.
Chintan Shah: Yes. So my question was regarding this dot env file right so, and like, we are being asked to like if we like share our code on the Github. So dot env file will also be included into that. So like.
Sunny Savita: No, don't include the don't envy file. Even this Github only will discard that so bad the better option. Use the Github secrets. Okay? Or if you are going to deploy it over any cloud, so use their secret manager.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Chintan Shah: Okay?
Chintan Shah: And the other question was regarding so I I already asked once, but I just wanted to reconfirm it so like, we use the link chain the Api key. Right?
Chintan Shah: But how does it like like it? Consider, we are putting it anything in production. Okay? And it is allowed. So there is no confidential information into it. So but if we just put length chain like link chain, Api and key equal to true. So it will capture all the traffic.
Chintan Shah: Or do we need to specially do some changes so that it allows all that.
Chintan Shah: because even it would like all these logging facilities, they would be having some
Chintan Shah: some checks or anything right? We can discard, or if we put it on false, so it would be like a configuration thing right? So if we do it through, it will do the tracking, and if we set it to false, it will stop. Is it something like that?
Sunny Savita: Correct me. See? Don't load that Api key. Don't make it as a true. It won't detect anything. That's it. Okay, if it is a configurable thing. You are right. If you are going to make it configured, then, only it will detect. Otherwise it won't detect.
Sunny Savita: because externally you're not going to install anything right. You are just simply installing the link chain. So the entire SDK is coming along with the link in itself. But if you want to trace it, then configure the Api key, load it into your environment, and then make it as a tool, then, only it's going to be detect. Otherwise no need to worry about it.
Sunny Savita: Understood.
Chintan Shah: Yeah, okay, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Pushpender Kumar: Yeah, I have shared my screen.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sir, can you show me the error? What is that.
Pushpender Kumar: So if without this, I say so, it is okay. If I'm invoking it. And this is the error I'm getting connection, error, connect error.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down, please.
Pushpender Kumar: Response is closed.
Sunny Savita: Connection. Error means Api. Connection error from your Api, where you configure this log. Api.
Sunny Savita: No, not here in your browser.
Pushpender Kumar: Okay. So means from my mobile. Actually, I, I'm not able to even open this broker
Pushpender Kumar: thing or this Urm, okay, so that could be the reason if I say.
Sunny Savita: So open your grogna with the same gmail id.
Pushpender Kumar: No, no, I can't open at this machine. That's why.
Sunny Savita: Let me show me what issue you are getting, or just log into your groc once.
Pushpender Kumar: Oh, okay.
Sunny Savita: This page have been blocked by their entity. This is your laptop.
Pushpender Kumar: Yeah, yeah, from my laptop office.
Sunny Savita: No, it's office laptop now.
Pushpender Kumar: Yes, yes.
Sunny Savita: So how they can allow to you to any visit, any website.
Pushpender Kumar: Yeah, that's what I'm saying is any alternate way, the.
Sunny Savita: Alternative is the alternative is, do one thing, don't use your office laptop. Use your personal laptop, okay? Or ask to offer any of colleague or friend just generate one Api can give it to me. That's it, sir. Okay, in your office, laptop. Even I cannot. In my office laptop. I cannot even log into any of the website. It's a compliance issue. Right? You're just violeting the
Sunny Savita: yeah key wise, I'm saying, just generate a key from some any other web device and then keep it inside your code. That's it. Okay.
Pushpender Kumar: Yeah, I I already did that. Means I go to this key. Okay, if you see
Pushpender Kumar: this, I got that key Grok one. This one. I got this key. Okay, so and.
Sunny Savita: So maybe your system is not able to allow to hit that particular web. That server. Okay, that's the issue.
Pushpender Kumar: Yeah. Yeah. So now, question is that, if I'm not able to do, and I want to continue using my laptop, is there any other way, maybe to bypass it, or something, or means. This is kind of
Pushpender Kumar: oh, mandatory.
Sunny Savita: The one thing, basically what you can do, you can ask to your company itself. Can you allow to this particular Api, or can you give me an Api just to just do the practice. Okay.
Sunny Savita: that's a 1 legal way. The second thing, what you can do you can configure any sort of a VPN. And all. But again, this is not a good thing right to configure anything inside your company laptop. The 3rd thing you can opt out any cloud based instance like Collab. And all, okay, if Collab access is there inside your system inside office system? Just open that collab. Okay and run it over there right? But generally, what companies do now see?
Sunny Savita: They have the Llm. Access, their own Llm. They have configured on their own infrastructure, and all they provide you the Api key just to make a practice. Okay, if you will ask to your colleague or to anyone to your Admin team and all, they'll provide you that data. Sorry that key and all. Okay.
Sunny Savita: So Collab is there. If you can check out with the collab the same code, I think
Sunny Savita: maybe you can do it. Understood.
Pushpender Kumar: Okay, so maybe here, yeah, that means this is what I was asking. So I think, Collab, it's not still covered in the class. So maybe if I.
Sunny Savita: See what we'll covered here in the class. Just create a notebook, do it, click on the notebook, new notebook, or upload upload your previous notebook. Only you can do in a multiple way. See, sir, if I'll ask you, create a Id on the Facebook and upload your photo. And also you require a tutorial for that? No, right? It is the same kind of thing. You just need to configure this. You just need to open the collab. Okay, and just keep your file there and run it. That's it.
Sunny Savita: There's here are multiple option here. Got it.
Pushpender Kumar: Okay, maybe I'll see. Check. What about the environment and environment and other thing which I already set up here in
Sunny Savita: It is an issue of this basically this one, only it is not able to hit that server. If one more thing you can do. I can give you the suggestion if you can configure the allama here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, if they are allowing to you, download something, just download the exe of the Olama, configure that, pull that particular model in your local system, and then run it.
Pushpender Kumar: Something offline. I was actually expecting.
Sunny Savita: You got right. But again for that you will have to hit the Olama server for the pulling. The model. That's again might be the issue. Got it.
Pushpender Kumar: Okay, okay, we'll take some more.
Sunny Savita: Okay, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Next out, Vijay is done. Nita. Ja, is Nita is done.
Sunny Savita: 2 a 1 c. Satish. Tihari guys. Please go ahead with the doubt.
srihari Vanga: Can I share my screen?
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait! Who want to share the screen? Share right?
srihari Vanga: Yeah, I'm seeing the option.
Sunny Savita: Adding in a panelist, wait, please wait. Satish. Okay.
Sunny Savita: yeah. Now, Satish, go ahead, please.
Satish: Hello! Am I audible?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you are audible.
Satish: Yeah, Sunny. Actually, my question is apart from today's session. But I have a doubt. Okay, so suppose if we have created agent, then how agent will be triggered. Okay, there are 2 way. One is the ui based, or non ui, so non ui, like a Api, 1st Api, we can use, and we can call the we can trigger that agent.
Satish: But is there any other way where we can trigger agent.
Satish: so that I want to know.
Sunny Savita: How you will tell the agent from whatever. See whatever framework you are using. Right? Let's say, if you are using language. So the in the language itself. While while you are going to create that agent flow and give you the option of triggering. That right, let's say, invoke function. Is there? Okay, you invoke function with that invoke function. You can call out that agent. See? Agent is nothing, sir. Again, on a low level. If you will see just a piece of code
Sunny Savita: first, st if else condition functions python function. That's it. That's the agent, and how you trigger any code. Tell me
Sunny Savita: in the same way you are going to trigger the agent means the moral of the story agent is nothing, just a piece of code, and you are going to be execute that piece of code. That's it. Okay.
Satish: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
srihari Vanga: Yeah. And 2 questions, sunny.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure.
srihari Vanga: Maybe 1st I'll share my screen, and then
srihari Vanga: you're able to see my screen.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can see that.
srihari Vanga: Yeah, I'm getting actually these kind of errors. I'm not able to import this. See? This error.
Sunny Savita: What is error?
srihari Vanga: Pydentic method is not supported in Pydentic, but I upgraded all the latest.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down.
Sunny Savita: Tell me the exact error.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down, scroll down, please.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, wait.
Sunny Savita: The modified method is not supported. Pyontech. V. 2. Okay. I think you need to update your version of the parent tech. Okay.
srihari Vanga: I updated.
Sunny Savita: No, no, I think. See? So, sir, you are doing a mistake over here. You are just updating directly inside your system in a power cell. Okay, don't do it. Do it in a virtual environment. If that virtual environment is not working delete that create a new virtual environment. Okay, so just open your command prompt. Instead of this, Powershell.
srihari Vanga: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Not this one in the Bs code itself. You have option of opening the command prompt. Just give me the access of your screen.
Sunny Savita: Please upload the Gif file against Surya. You will get that in a resource section. Okay, so don't worry about that.
Sunny Savita: Or else if you want right now I can give it to you. Wait.
Sunny Savita: So see, this is your command from, and this is your environment. Okay, now, 1st check all the libraries there or not, whatever you install.
Sunny Savita: So write Pip list. Okay, because we are using a pip manager. See, this is all the library. Now check over here. Parentic, is there or not.
Sunny Savita: So parenting, is there? Okay? So first, st use this particular.
Sunny Savita: See? I think you're not using this environment here, python, you are using some different environment. Okay, so select another kernel
Sunny Savita: python environment and then select this. Vnb.
Sunny Savita: okay, now see, this is the virtual environment. Now restart your kernel and keep your keep your Vs code on auto, save just click on this file. See? You haven't installed the kernel. Also install the kernel. Just go with your file and then keep click on this auto, save. So this basic setting you have to do. And it is for everyone. If you are writing. If you are running your code inside of Vs code understood.
srihari Vanga: So V environment means ours in this project.
Sunny Savita: This is a virtual environment which is available in your current present directory. Got it.
srihari Vanga: That always we have to select. No.
Sunny Savita: Always. Always. Okay.
srihari Vanga: Yeah, I'll then I'll try once again. Thanks, for otherwise, actually, I'm taking you more time. Second thing is more. Why training actually more pipeline. We are putting that model underscore
srihari Vanga: Llm. Underscore and output, partner. Why, that training is required. Actually so, because we are always calling from Llm. Am I correct? The output is coming from the Llm. What is the advantage of training in the code.
Sunny Savita: Training means you are streamlining the process. Okay? So manually, you cannot provide a 1 generated output to the another component.
Sunny Savita: Let's
Sunny Savita: say, see, this is we. We have just shown you the basic example over here. But just think in a complex way, let's say what you want to do. You want to generate some? I given you one. Pdf.
Sunny Savita: okay, I'm just giving you as a example. Let's say I've given you one. Pdf, now from that. Pdf, what I wanted to do. I wanted to generate some summary, and from that summary I want to generate some
Sunny Savita: this Mcq. And from that, Mcq. I want the answer of it the correct answer. So will you do this particular process manually, right? One right after the next. Then the next one. No, what you will do is smartly will play over here, so you will create a chain. So one chain is 4
Sunny Savita: parsing that data. The second chain for creating a summary and the 3rd chain for creating a sequence. Sorry the Mcq. And the 4th one for evaluating it. So you just configure one single line, and that one single line is working for your entire Pdf.
srihari Vanga: So it's that advantage is avoid the multiple queries. The chain will helps a lot.
Sunny Savita: Correct for the streamline, the process you are using this training concept because this week.
Sunny Savita: created by some other developers. Okay, they know the advantage of it. They know the pinpoint of the other developers where they might face an issue because they are providing you as a feature. This particular
Sunny Savita: take.
srihari Vanga: Otherwise it's a filter. It's a kind of filter.
Sunny Savita: Currently means what, in whatever way you can think that right.
srihari Vanga: Okay. So this concept is only available in Langchain. Or if I use Crowe, other things is this concept is available.
Sunny Savita: See, it is a concept in a universal concept, the chaining concept. Okay, give me a moment, guys, I'm getting one call. Okay, wait.
srihari Vanga: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Hello!
Suryavi Lohia: Hello!
Sunny Savita: Hold on.
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine. I think we can resume guys so.
srihari Vanga: Something like that. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, the second doubt is.
Sunny Savita: Suryavi. Right, Suryavi. What's your doubt?
Suryavi Lohia: Yeah. So Hi, Sally, firstly, I would like to thank you for providing such a wonderful informative session, and I would really appreciate it. And we are. We are learning.
Suryavi Lohia: I might I have a 2 question the 1st question. When I was service teaching, I was going through the flow. But here in Langsmith. Inside a tracing project there is an option for run. There is a default project for me. If I go inside that I don't see any update here where servers frequently showing the progress of the run code, we were running. And continuously they were updating there. But for me, it's not there
Suryavi Lohia: updating anything? No run founds. This is showing what could be a reason here.
Sunny Savita: Can you show me? Can you share the screen?
Suryavi Lohia: Yeah, allow me to share.
Sunny Savita: I'm adding in a panelist.
Suryavi Lohia: Could you join up.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Pradeep, Neil and Jay. What's your doubt, Pradeep? Neil and Joy Bepol, guys, please go ahead with your doubt.
Suryavi Lohia: Okay.
Suryavi Lohia: Hello.
Neelanjoy: Go ahead first.st
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Niranja, if you have any bubble question you can ask me. And meanwhile you can share your screen. Suryavi. Okay.
Neelanjoy: I have 2 questions one like you mentioned that, landsmith we are using just for the observability purpose and the tracing purpose. Right? So can you also show us later in the course, probably, how to integrate it with, let's say, General Python, logger.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Neelanjoy: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Put that teach you in a project actually, that will teach you in a project.
Neelanjoy: Okay? That's 1st question.
Neelanjoy: The second question is like that in the during the architectural discussion of any project. Right? We also take some calls that each model to use not only on the model side of it, but all the other different infrastructure of the you can say different technology side of it. So when that discussion will happen.
Sunny Savita: dB wise right database.
Neelanjoy: No, not the database wise. Let's say I don't want to. Let's say I want to use, but only version one by identic, not version 2. By identical.
Sunny Savita: Oh!
Neelanjoy: So, and or langchain I want to use, or maybe I don't want to use land. Some other things I would like to. So that kind of discussions happen during the initial project phase of the architecture discussion. Right? So when that kind of discussion will happen in this course.
Sunny Savita: That kind of discussion means Whatsapp. See Langshon. We taught you correct. Now, whatever kind of whatever, up to whatever level this language is being used in a lang graph, the other agentic framework. Okay, we'll talk about that. So here we are not going to teach you the in-depth llama index hastack or this laction. And all. We are more focusing on the agentic framework because langction is required for that agentic framework to build the agentic flow. That's why we have taught you over here. Got it.
Neelanjoy: Maybe I can put my question in a different way, like you last last couple of classes back Christian was saying that. You guys are preparing one full product where the interview will be scheduled right? Like. So for that product. At the initial phase of the discussion, you decided on some of the models you decided some of the technologies that you'll be using, so that kind of discussions will happen generally from the requirements to the architecture.
Sunny Savita: Sir. See, whenever we start any project now, we can have that kind of discussion right? I got your point. You want to select the best framework, the best model, the best embedding model, right, and the best way of logging in the exception. And all right means. You want to be play on a high, level architecture of the project, correct? What would be
Sunny Savita: framework and all.
Neelanjoy: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So that will come while we are going to be, discuss the project and all. Okay? Because, see, this is just a 3rd class, sir. Okay, you will have to wait for few more classes. Everything will come in the near future session. Okay.
Neelanjoy: Sure, and then you can.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Neelanjoy: We don't.
Neelanjoy: Thanks.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Suryavi. Yeah. Tell me where you are facing issue.
Suryavi Lohia: So here, can you see this screen here? Nothing is coming. I cannot track anything here.
Sunny Savita: Your id sorry key. Api key.
Sunny Savita: Api key is here in my code.
Sunny Savita: No, no, where you generated there.
Suryavi Lohia: Okay, here with the account creating account. I think I'll go back. It would be, take me to
Suryavi Lohia: the Api creation here. We're just talking.
Sunny Savita: Student, poor learning student, just delete one of them, or just delete the last one. Yeah.
Suryavi Lohia: And delete this also.
Suryavi Lohia: Okay, shall I create a new key? And then, okay, good.
Sunny Savita: Create a new key in front of me.
Suryavi Lohia: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Write a name of it.
Suryavi Lohia: Here I have to pay. Strike.
Sunny Savita: Correct, and please make sure that this should be correct.
Sunny Savita: No, wait. So 1st of all, restart your kernel, and then just give me the okay, I cannot access your system. See? Just go in the file, click on your file, file.
Suryavi Lohia: Hmm!
Suryavi Lohia: This one right.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, no, no file file on that header. Right? File. Edit selection. Yeah, click on auto, save
Sunny Savita: auto sale. Scroll down.
Sunny Savita: So scroll down.
Suryavi Lohia: Scroll down. Yeah. Auto saved. Click on that.
Sunny Savita: Did you click.
Suryavi Lohia: Yeah, yeah, it's saving.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now do one thing. Restart your kernel.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Now run it again.
Sunny Savita: Wait 1st check. The right key is coming or not. This app. 1, 1, app. 4, 0. Okay. Check with the env dot env.
Sunny Savita: add 1 1. See the last. Just look at the last couple of character.
Sunny Savita: It is, show me. Show me the last character. a a DD. Okay, show me now
Sunny Savita: with your IP and me.
Sunny Savita: See it is not coming. The right key is not coming. Maybe some issue right? It is in a cache, in a cache. There is a wrong key. Just restart it again and load it again. Okay.
Suryavi Lohia: Okay, I got it. I'll fix it. Another question. I have sunny. I have a problem statement where I have to. You know there is an Excel data, excel data in one sheet. There could be a couple of sheets, maybe 1,000 in number, and also, while in sheets. Also, column could be 1020, 50, 30, and format could be sometime a tabular format sometime a screenshot, has been pasted.
Suryavi Lohia: So the problem, one challenge I am facing directly. If I pass to my Llm. There would be a token issues, because if, when we have a huge data sets, then, of course, we need to take care of a token. So I am planning to here to put a 1 layer.
Suryavi Lohia: So for Pdf, what I have done. Pdf, I have converted into an images. And then I have just based, did an extraction based on like claim number? If it is an insurance document, or whatever the relevant. So just only if that Pdf is relevant, then I'm giving to Llm. Where I'm saving the tokens
Suryavi Lohia: likewise. Same thing I would like to do in excel, but in excel, while converting excel image into image, there was a problem like 50 plus columns. Are there, then, overlapping of what is happening in Pdf, when I am viewing with a naked eyes. So here I'm failing to going with this approach. Could you suggest me some any alternate approach where to handle this Excel data sets when you have, like this kind of challenge, 50 plus number of rows and number of sheets, then how to filter down the data sets here.
Sunny Savita: So what you want to do, you want to showcase this data? Let's say you have a excel you want to showcase in a Pdf. Is it.
Suryavi Lohia: Like for Pdf data when I had a data in a Pdf, the time I'm converted into images, and I've done this approach extraction and then giving to Llm. But when I have an Excel data set, the problem I'm facing while converting into Pdf approach is not working, but what I would.
Sunny Savita: Why you are converting it to Pdf. From the Excel. 1st of all, tell me, what is the requirement over here?
Suryavi Lohia: Because then how I would, I filter down my data set, let's say, an excel sheet. There are 10 sheets out of 10, only 2 sheets are where there is insurance related information is being found. Rest are jargon.
Sunny Savita: See, I can give you the best examples, the best basically way of doing it. You will have to arrange your data in a better way. 1st of all, you will have to see the. You will have to learn the data arrangement. Let's say you have a multiple sheet. Let's say 50 sheet. Okay, if you have a name of the 15 sheet, yes or no.
Suryavi Lohia: Yeah. Names have tried.
Sunny Savita: So while you are retrieving a data from the Retriever, after storing into the vector database, there is an option of pre filtering and post filtering.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So based on that sheet name itself, you can filter out your data easily, let's say.
Sunny Savita: want 2 sheet.
Sunny Savita: You want the 2 sheet, or maybe based on some other column. You want to filter out the data. You can put that restriction over there while filtering the data.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So you will get the exact data. Whatever you want from the database itself, you will be able to provide to the Llm. No need to convert into Pdf images and all arrange the data in a proper way. Learn about the indexing, learn about the metadata handling. Learn about the embedding. Okay? And the data storage.
Sunny Savita: Arrange the data in a proper way, learn about the retrieving process, how to do the pre-filtering post, filtering what is the best way of retrieving it, re-ranking and all everything and then pass it to pass your data to the Llm.
Sunny Savita: Okay, some cello solution is not going to work with this kind of approach data. Actually, okay.
Suryavi Lohia: Okay, okay, I'll I'll explore this approach occasionally. Thank you for answering your question.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so, yeah, yeah, please, mind.
Suryavi Lohia: There would these would, there would be a libraries where I would be able to handle this metadata and embedding retrieving process right.
Sunny Savita: Obviously everything is available. Okay? Because you are not only the one right who is developing the solution. There are many. Now, if you will look into the chat. Gpt. How mature it is, right. So, as a application, they also have developed the same thing. Now, maybe they have open source, something for the community. And in the same way there are multiple companies.
Sunny Savita: Okay, in a world like then the tech world, you will find find out that these kind of situation. Everyone is having right? So everyone finding out the solution, so trying to find out the solution and all and just crawl the data. Sorry Internet. Just look over the chat, gpt perplexity and all so many sources you will get regarding it. Okay.
Suryavi Lohia: Okay. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thanks,
Suryavi Lohia: You are done, ma'am? Right?
Suryavi Lohia: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Thank you.
Suryavi Lohia: Hold on!
Sunny Savita: Now the next is Ripol Vipol. Is there Ripol Pradeem.
Vipul Satpute: Am I audible?
Sunny Savita: You have to call your audio.
Vipul Satpute: Yeah. So my question is related to the Lm. Ops course, which part of the AI pro, so I will. I'm trying to reach out to that person, and the number being shared by the Krish in the chat. So I just want to know more. Here is that what we are trying to cover in this course agentic 2.0 till the cloud deployment. Right? So, and what will be the difference in Lm. Ops, as well as the whatever the process or standards we are following to
Vipul Satpute: deploy our projects in Aws. Cloud using bedrock are those? What extra we are going to cover in Llm. Ops.
Sunny Savita: In Llmops. Actually, we are going to cover up the whole end to end project. Okay, which is more focused on the rag as well as agents, and the cloud and the fine tuning side as well. Okay, even the Ml project is also there. If someone wants to understand the Ml. The Classical Ml project how they have built right? So we are covering that. So just look into the project names, and which tech is tech we're gonna use over there. And yeah, we are going to build it end to end. That's it.
Sunny Savita: And even the deployment part is also in integrated like we do in a real time. So we do it nowadays over the Kubernetics. Many services. Okay, so we have the Ecs, we have the Eks. Okay, we have the Cicd stuff and all.
Sunny Savita: So those is a part of the Llm. Ops. Only in got it.
Vipul Satpute: And last question from the rack. Chatbot perspective. While exploring the how we can build a multiple Pdf, Chatbot, right? So I feel I found one more source saying that what they are doing they are using a fast as a vector dB, and whatever, while we are converting our Pdf into the vector dB, it is creating the index and Pkl format files. And these files are, they are loading to the S. 3.
Vipul Satpute: Okay, so is that a good approach or not that we will also going to discuss in our upcoming sessions. Right? So I don't want to be. Take much time to get the answer in this call itself. But I'm just. Is that good approach or bad approach? I just want to understand.
Sunny Savita: See, sir, there could be a multiple approaches. Okay, like how we are going to be designed that optimize it always come from the experience. Okay.
Vipul Satpute: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Let's say, at the 1st place, you can try with this approach. But by the time you feel that okay, it is not a good one. Now, what you will do. You will do some level of optimization over there, because you already like reach to that. Let's say some level. Let's say, you want to reach out to the 10th floor, you'd reach to the 12 second floor. Now, you will look after that after after that particular solution. Okay. So again, I'm saying, whenever you want to be optimistic, your solution just go step by step.
Sunny Savita: Don't try to build up best solution at the same. At the 1st place itself. Okay? So I I would suggest you couple of things. What you can do. You can play around the indexing.
Sunny Savita: You can create a 1 index, and you can keep the entire data over there without you can segregate with the metadata. Otherwise you can play with the different different indexing. Also. Okay, let's say, if you don't have much data, let's say 50 to 100 document itself, create every create like separate index for every document. Okay, that also could be a solution. Right? And
Sunny Savita: yeah, once you will explode like this, then you will get a more clarity on it. Got it.
Vipul Satpute: Okay. Sure. Yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, people is done. Now.
Sunny Savita: Pradeep, I mean, any doubt, Pradeep Abhishek guys I'm giving the access to whomever please ask a question. Okay.
Sunny Savita: yeah. Pradeep Deepu, please go ahead with the doubt.
Avinash Reddy: There's any of an issue.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Abhinash.
Avinash Reddy: Yeah. So sunny. One thing regarding the continuation to Sanjeev's doubt. So when I'm trying to install fast Api or pyramic or transformers. So
Avinash Reddy: let's say, for example,
Avinash Reddy: if if I have to install fast Ap, and there is a dependence on numpy and which let's take numpy 1.0 as a version
Avinash Reddy: which will be supported by fast Api
Avinash Reddy: and numpy. 1.0 will not be supported by transformer or stream. Late. I mean, I'm just giving you an example.
Avinash Reddy: So how do we handle such situations? And how do we know the version? Versions? That will be supported.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, this is a dynamic problems. Okay.
Sunny Savita: see, let's say you are working on one project. You simply created this rack, got it. You install the lecture. You install the parent tech.
Sunny Savita: Because of something. This version is not getting match or some error. You are getting okay. So that's a dynamic issue. You will have to look into that error message at the time. Okay? And then you will figure out a way of solving it. Let's say, version is mismatching. Try to install the new version, let's say. Still, it is not matching. Then use a different python version. So there is some back and forth, and no one.
Avinash Reddy: I understand. But just to install these dependencies itself is taking a long time to understand. And so.
Sunny Savita: See it. It will take a time. Okay, no one is going to tell you that in a real time, and if you'll ask this type of question to your colleague while you are developing a project. See, you will be sidelined.
Avinash Reddy: No, I'm not asking. My question is, is there any resource where we can able to check directly.
Sunny Savita: No resources. If there would be any resources, I would have tell you those resources. I'm giving you the straightforward answer. No, here and there nothing. It is a dynamic issues. We have to take it as a developer. Then what will be our job if you are not going to take care of this kind of issue, the dependencies, issues, and all. Okay, we have to take care of it.
Sunny Savita: If you are not very much comfortable as of now I'll give you the see. I'll give you the words within 5 to 6 class, or maybe up to 10 class. You will be very much comfortable of this kind of thing. Okay, you won't even ask this kind of question again understood? Because again and again we are doing the same thing in our like all the subsequent classes, got it.
Avinash Reddy: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I've been now. So it's done. Vishal. What's it out? Vishal Singh.
Vishal Singh: Yeah, Hi, Sunny. My question is regarding this Langsmith. So you have showed the demonstration, and then I understood it. But in case, if there is a a data privacy requirement.
Vishal Singh: and if the organization is not interested in putting any sensitive data outside of their virtual private network, then Langsmith, because we are already tracing it at
Vishal Singh: complete code level?
Vishal Singh: Can we customize it in such a way that only for certain invocations within Llm.
Vishal Singh: Only we can
Vishal Singh: show that in the Langsmith, or is there any kind of customization done like? Only for certain pieces of code we could enable or.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can do that means for that. Actually, you will have to create a separate environment means for what certain code. You are asking means.
Vishal Singh: Basically, basically, we are trying to build one agent Ea framework.
Vishal Singh: We have different kinds of instant tickets which are generated. And then the tickets will contain kind of sales. Order number some kind of sensitive information, customer information. We don't want that to be passed into outside of our network while we still want to use Llm. Capabilities, so they don't have the Llm. By themselves. They are using azure opening only, but somehow we want to restrict sending such kind of things.
Vishal Singh: So we are performing a masking, unmasking kind of a technique where only the masked values will go to Llm. Llm. Should be able to identify.
Vishal Singh: based upon the inputs with some master values which tool or which agent to invoke and all.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Vishal Singh: So there we were able to achieve it. But then, if you want to trace it with observability, also added into our
Vishal Singh: Environment framework.
Vishal Singh: Then again, it is going to cloud. Only right? So how can we avoid sending sensitive.
Sunny Savita: Few information you want to keep few. You don't want to keep right. It's a conditional one, correct.
Vishal Singh: Yeah, yeah, correct.
Sunny Savita: So where you want to keep, let's say you want to configure this language, Smith. Only for that correct.
Vishal Singh: Oh, correct. Yes.
Sunny Savita: So if see I I haven't used language that much, so I just configure it for one single project. We are able to trace all the calls and all. But let's say, on a conditional level, if you want to configure it for any sort of a call, we want to. Ca, take it up, and we don't want to take the another call. Right? So that part will have to explore.
Sunny Savita: Okay over the Lang Smith, only because again, it is just a platform. So what con? What kind of like the services and the configuration they are providing to us that we'll have to look into it.
Vishal Singh: Okay, so.
Sunny Savita: Maybe I can check it out, and then I can get back to you, or otherwise. See as of now, whatever approach you are like following the masking and all I where you are storing that logs with the cloud itself. Right, Visha, or any database you're capturing.
Vishal Singh: We are not storing anything outside of our virtual private network. So Llms calls are happening after masking is done.
Vishal Singh: and then only we are calling the Llms. And Llms. Will not be able to see our master data. It will see the full sentence.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Vishal Singh: But in between there will be masked values.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So you are not exposing your complete data to Llm itself.
Sunny Savita: Hello, Marsha, you are doing right.
Vishal Singh: Yes. Correct.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, okay. And now, after generating output, you want to log that particular output as well. So if if you have already configured the Bpc, that virtual private cloud, right? So there itself figure out a way. If you can capture this log doing the manual logging and all okay, because python logger is very much powerful. You can capture anything using that. So if you are.
Vishal Singh: Manual manual logging. One is log underscore info log underscore error. We are doing it, but that is at the code level only because, as you know, it's a python code. So we are doing logging. But here
Vishal Singh: we want to bring this observability platform also, which is Langsmith, is giving all the facility also? Right? So how can we enable ensuring that privacy? Requirement also is satisfied.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. So for that again. You will have to check their services and all if you want to configure a specific language. If in an enterprise version, they are giving you the security right? Whatever you are asking regarding your data that your data will be secure on that server. Then you can go ahead with this one, or else you can check out with the team as well. Maybe they are ready for the call and the connect, you can drop a mail to them for a more assistant, right? So they can give you the better clarity on it.
Vishal Singh: Okay, lax with team. You're saying.
Sunny Savita: Got it okay?
Sunny Savita: Or maybe we could use an open source observability platform
Sunny Savita: again, sir. See if you're going to expose the data then in that case open source will not make any sense for your solution.
Vishal Singh: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So I would suggest you try to find out a robust approach, talk to their respective person or salesman, or whoever can assist you. Okay, regarding that platform. Talk with them. Just make a clarity on it and then go ahead with your solution. Okay, just included into your solution. Okay.
Vishal Singh: Okay. Sure. Thanks. Tony.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Vishal is done now.
Sunny Savita: Pradeep is not having Deepu, Pradeep, Sridhar, and Abhishek guys anyone having any doubt? Please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Sagar is there before, is there Tanma, is there.
Sunny Savita: guys? I'm giving access to whomever you can talk with me. Okay, please unmute yourself and ask your doubt.
Sunny Savita: Give me a moment wait!
Vibhor Chauhan: Hi, sonny!
Vibhor Chauhan: Good night.
Sunny Savita: Please go ahead with it all.
Sridhar_Nalla: Yeah, it's a simple question. This is about the tokens, especially so when we use the reasoning Llms, right? So it will give. Basically, it will think through, and it will write a lot of explanation. And finally, it will give you the answer right? So so when we use the reasoning, Llm. So will it consume more tokens compared to the normal Llms.
Sunny Savita: Reasoning. Sorry. Can you come again, please? I missed some part of it.
Sridhar_Nalla: Yeah, basically, when we use the re reasoning Llms, so the model will think. And it will give you the detailed explanation right before coming to the answer, what was its thought process, and how it arrived at that answer right? So.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sridhar_Nalla: Will it use more tokens compared to the other Llms.
Sunny Savita: Yes, it is going to be. Consume more token, because see, in a reasoning.
Sunny Savita: if you have used a chat, gpt with that reasoning model. Right? So, O, 3 is a reasoning model. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Gpt, 4 is also a reasoning model. So if you will see, look into their output. Okay, it is not as simple.
Sunny Savita: They are generating a output with in a more detailed way. Right so, for sure is going to be generate a more
Sunny Savita: that tokens and the Api cost is also going to be high. If you are going to use those model.
Sridhar_Nalla: Yeah. And similarly, for example, when we pass the data in simple text versus Xml, or you know, Json, data or dictionary kind of thing. So again, that will also incur higher tokens. Right? And basically, I'm looking for the, you know, if there is any chances that we can cost optimize using these tokens.
Sunny Savita: You can do the cost optimization with the token itself. 1st of all, what you have to check. If you will go and check with the open air website itself. Now they have given you the option to comparing the model on a token level, and even they are giving you the comparison on a price level also. Okay, so they have given you the see. I don't know. You have checked or not. So just open the open air website. There is a model. Compare Option. Click on that model. Compare Option. Okay.
Sunny Savita: After come. After opening that, select any 2 model, they will give you the complete comparison of it. Token, wise price, wise. Okay, how much token you can give, how much token you can generate? Right? If you're giving a Xml data. Json data again as a in a back end. It is just considering as a single token.
Sridhar_Nalla: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So the Json data also, it will be divided into the token itself. That will be having some length and based on the token. Basically, it's going to be charged. Got it.
Sridhar_Nalla: Okay. Thank you. Got it.
Niranjan Reddy: Yeah, before. What's a doubt?
Vibhor Chauhan: Hi sunny. My doubt is related to language mail.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Vibhor Chauhan: Is there a way to also connect locally self hosted Llm. With language.
Sunny Savita: Post it. I think you can do just do one thing. Check out with the okay. I think you can do it.
Sunny Savita: But use the link chain like this one model integration. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Or just do one thing. Now use the hugging face of inferencing Api, and then run it and trace the entire calls and all using this link and itself language and check whether you're able to capture it or not. Okay.
Vibhor Chauhan: Okay. So this I need to explore and explain.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you need to add so because, see, they are giving a support just with respect to the selection ecosystem. Only if you're going to use the hugging face to do this lunch. Api. If you're going to use the Olama through the lunch Api itself. But individually, if you're going to configure. In that case we'll have to check that.
Vibhor Chauhan: Alright! Thanks.
Sunny Savita: Like yeah, Vishnath, what's her down.
tanmoy: Yeah, yeah, I mean.
Sunny Savita: Vishnath than me anyone is there? Please go ahead.
tanmoy: Hello, wait done, man, please go ahead with the doubt.
tanmoy: Yeah, if I can. If I can share my screen. Actually, I had an issue with this opening.
tanmoy: Okay? So like which one to like go for like
tanmoy: that that I haven't doubt. So just absolutely let me.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I'm adding it a panelist
Sunny Savita: Vishnath. What's your doubt? Vishnath? Go ahead, please, please, with your doubt. Yeah.
Viswanathan Ganesan: Yeah, sunny.
Viswanathan Ganesan: The question what I have is, I would like to share the screen. Now
Viswanathan Ganesan: you can enable you to share the screen.
Sunny Savita: You want to share your screen right?
Viswanathan Ganesan: Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay.
Sunny Savita: A developer.
Viswanathan Ganesan: Yes, I can leave. I agree. Right?
Sunny Savita: Join as a panelist.
Sunny Savita: Narinjan. What's your doubt, Narinjan? You can ask.
Niranjan Reddy: Nicely. Good morning. So that was a wonderful session by Christian.
Sunny Savita: So my query is related to a pro batch I have enrolled for 2 courses. One is the data science and Gen. A. And the other is the agentic. 2 point oh.
Niranjan Reddy: So the thing is that I have spoken with the team, and they are saying that it's been capped to 8 k. The discount, or whatever it is.
Niranjan Reddy: So.
Niranjan Reddy: so that is capital. 8 K. But, as far as I understand from the crystal to the recent purchases we have, the total is deductible right.
Krish Naik: No Niranjan. only 2 courses, Max, to Max, you know. So within this particular quarter, okay.
Niranjan Reddy: I have. I have taken the 2 courses, so I mean.
Krish Naik: What is basically happening is that, I've told my team that at least provide till 2 courses. Because what is happening is that if we
Krish Naik: take, consider 3 courses of entirely 2 courses, right? It is becoming very like we have to just provide the access within very less cost. So that is the reason we are just capping it to Max. To Max. 8 K. Discount for all those people who have taken 2 courses. Okay.
Niranjan Reddy: Oh, okay, sir.
Krish Naik: Yeah, so that's a request. See? The thing is that anyhow, you will be getting udemy courses from us right completely for free.
Krish Naik: So I think this is a very good deal itself, because we also have to take care of our platform. Many things that are all are there. But don't worry about anything with respect to learning, it will be quite a.
Niranjan Reddy: Okay? So and that thing is that
Niranjan Reddy: while we're watching the recording videos in 1.5 2 x speed, the, it's continuously buffering suffer every 5 to 10 seconds.
Krish Naik: Let me check it in front of you till then. Sunny, you keep on continuing the questions, so I will just check that. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Sure. Sure.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, please, tell me your doubt.
tanmoy: So like, I think this, because it was not there. So I think I'm getting the issue to just let me go to.
tanmoy: Okay. So if I'm going to this so which one to actually go with this and which like
tanmoy: for it, I got the drop, and the length went 88 meters.
tanmoy: But for this I just needed like, how I can do with it, because a lot of models are there, right? So which one to buy and which one to go with.
Sunny Savita: Sorry your voice is not clear. And, man, what you are want to. What do you want to ask? It is not clear to me.
tanmoy: Okay, great.
tanmoy: Now it's clear. Hello.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it is little clearer. Come again, please.
tanmoy: Yeah. So what? I'm asking, right? Because.
tanmoy: for the open line Api. So there are a lot of pricings available. Right?
tanmoy: So, Grace, I think, told us for the $5 I think it's built on that need to be suited right.
tanmoy: But I'm not able to like get which model should I go with a $5 model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so which model you need to select that you are asking correct.
tanmoy: Yes, yes, so that I can integrate that Api check.
Sunny Savita: Do one thing. Use Gpt. 4. 0 Mini Gpt. 4.1 mini. Gpt. 3.5. Turbo. Okay. Gpt 4, or Gpt. 4. 0, this 5 model is good one good enough for you.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
tanmoy: So. But okay, so how much cost will be involved.
Sunny Savita: Cost wise. They have mentioned it over here. Now see, once you will use it now, automatically, you will get that analysis. They will provide you the complete analysis of it. How much token you have used, how much token you generated? Okay, and with that particular token, with that particular users, how much would be the bill? Okay? So
Sunny Savita: there is a calculator. Also, you can utilize that calculator for calculating the cost of your data and all. But if you, if you're not aware about it@thefirstst
tanmoy: It is just.
Sunny Savita: Use it, and then analysis the cost of it. Okay, but I'm telling you this. 4, 2, 5 model 3.5 3 point turbo. These are the legacy model. Gpt. 4, 4. 0, Mini, or
Sunny Savita: Gpt. 4. 0, that's it.
Sunny Savita: This model will work for you for any sort of a use case. Got it.
tanmoy: Think!
tanmoy: Oh.
Krish Naik: Than my voice is not clear.
Krish Naik: Yeah, man.
Krish Naik: I think you need to have a good Internet connection. At least drop your message in the chat, if possible, because your voice is not clear at all. Okay.
tanmoy: So.
Krish Naik: Okay guys. So for all those near engine, you're saying that if you're playing the videos in 2 X speed right? You're getting an error right now, you can see over here. I am playing the video in 2 X, okay.
Krish Naik: yeah, I'll change it in front of you also.
Krish Naik: So this is 2 point, O speed. Okay. So if I do it in 1.5, it is going on
Krish Naik: now. Why, it may be buffering, it may be because of your Internet speed.
Niranjan Reddy: In my case it is working very smoothly.
Niranjan Reddy: I have the good Internet speed, sir, right now. Also, I'm checking, but it's the it's the same thing.
Krish Naik: See you.
Krish Naik: The thing is that I have. If you see my Internet speed. No, it is. It is a normal band bandwidth that I have for me. Itel. Okay. Now here, even though I change it to anything right here like which browser are you using.
Paramjit Singh: Richard.
Krish Naik: Chrome browser you are using right, I would suggest in the background, don't run anything as such while you're running this, because I what I see is
Krish Naik: you. It is very much clear from my side. You can see that I'm just changing. And it is continuously happening like.
Krish Naik: And some people are also facing issues with respect to different things wherein you have your videos are not playing properly, and all many people are saying.
Niranjan Reddy: That may be because you are not updating your browser. Maybe. Okay. See, all these videos are basically drm.
Krish Naik: Equipped. That basically means you cannot
Krish Naik: pirate this kind of video. So that kind of features we have brought, you know. And while you're seeing this videos, we have to make sure that we take care of that particular IP, so my suggestion would be, please make sure to update your browser, clear your cookies or cache, whatever things are there, and then probably try to see it. Okay.
Niranjan Reddy: Okay, sir.
Niranjan Reddy: Yeah. Sunny. Continue. Please.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Vishnuth, please share your screen. I think you were asking about the screen sharing right?
Sunny Savita: We should not, are you? There?
Sunny Savita: You can share your screen if you're there.
Santosh Umargi: Yeah.
Santosh Umargi: Hi, penny, this is antosh. Here you, too.
Sunny Savita: Yasuanto.
Santosh Umargi: Sunny. Actually, I took admission directly to this batch. Only currently, I'm a.net developer. But currently I got one assignment in my existing like project only for the Llm. Like feeding the documents and getting the result getting the response using the Olm and all. So how this goes like I have to
Santosh Umargi: change my career to AI engineer only so.
Santosh Umargi: and regarding the udemic and aggregate that.
Sunny Savita: It's all what you can see. You directly. Jump to the agent. AI, right!
Sunny Savita: You can learn that apart.
Santosh Umargi: Fungus.
Sunny Savita: You should be good with the fundamental of the Nlp. Right and the Llm. As well. So Nlp. With advanced Nlp like this transformer
Sunny Savita: where the Llm. Is also come the fine tuning of it. Okay, then, once we, we understand about the right creation and all which we are teaching you right on a certain level. Then this agent come, okay. So if you want to become a good right as A AI engineer, then learn all this thing. Whatever I told you understood.
Santosh Umargi: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Santosh Umargi: And when I will get that Udemy coupon for that discourse.
Sunny Savita: Udemy coupon wise. I think, sir, can give you the update even. Just check out with the Youtube Channel and the Linkedin as well. So they will update over there whenever the coupon is going to be.
Krish Naik: Okay, right now, guys, the problem with Udemy is that people are taking that Udemy courses and they're asking for refund. So what I have thought is that let us complete one month of batch. And right now I don't have any coupon. Also, next month I'll definitely give you a coupon free coupon. Okay.
Santosh Umargi: Yeah, yeah, sounds good. No problem. Thank you.
Krish Naik: Continues.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Raja, okay, I think Vishnath is sharing a screen. Yeah. Vishnath, please tell me what's allowed.
Viswanathan Ganesan: The question is actually like, Yeah.
Viswanathan Ganesan: I'm trying to use a output password. But if you remove the password here right? And
Viswanathan Ganesan: it's actually put you down.
Viswanathan Ganesan: So I'm just trying to understand. What do you think the Whatsapp.
Sunny Savita: No. Why, this is the issue. Now, see, the issue is basically you are getting this. Think also right. Think, think.
Viswanathan Ganesan: Correct, right.
Sunny Savita: So Jason actually is not able to decode it.
Viswanathan Ganesan: Yeah, I can understand that from the Europe what it grows and says the same thing. What you are saying, sir, like resolve. It is the one which I'm trying to interpret.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Now see what you can do. You can manually write a writing that ragged over here. Okay, so you can remove the thing part from here. 1st of all, check check the type of it for the type of this output
Sunny Savita: check the type of this response. Dot content.
Sunny Savita: right type print. See here, give me the access of your screen.
Viswanathan Ganesan: Yeah, it is completely.
Sunny Savita: You will have to manually remove it. Actually, sometime we get this issue. So you will have to write some Regex kind of thing or some pre-processing. Okay, on top of the generated data, you can. Once you will remove that partner, the think tag, okay, that Xp, automatically, you will be able to convert into your Json. Object that one. Okay.
Sunny Savita: sometime in a chat. Gpt. Also know we get that markdown in a markdown format to generate data. Sorry I'm not able to access your screen, maybe because of the slow Internet or something. So just do one thing right.
Viswanathan Ganesan: Can you play it again, sir? I was like.
Sunny Savita: Okay, right? Do you see before this, except now, there is a print statement, print response, dot content. Can you see that.
Viswanathan Ganesan: Can you see the one? Is it in my code.
Sunny Savita: I mean, sir, on your screen. Only now see before in the try, except blog, glow.
Viswanathan Ganesan: Correct. Correct. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, just check out the type of this responder content what it is. I think most probably it will be a string only. And wait. I'm giving you the code as well just to remove this thing. Tag. Okay, I already did this thing just the second.
Krish Naik: See Sunny, what I feel over here is that because of the thing you know that is happening.
Krish Naik: So this code needs to be 1st of all, without parser you have to remove it, and then probably you have to get that in.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, that response, actually, sir, will have to pass, and then we'll have to pass it to the.
Krish Naik: So wait, wait, wait! I have the control of the screen. I'll just show you.
Krish Naik: See. Now, here you are getting in the form of AI message. Right? So now, if you probably
Krish Naik: sorry. Here, wait, wait, wait, wait! Wait!
Krish Naik: So you're getting this. Think, Tag.
Krish Naik: but you are getting the output also. No.
Viswanathan Ganesan: Correct. That's not my question. Let me play.
Viswanathan Ganesan: Want to use a parser. Right? I'm I'm getting the error right.
Krish Naik: Already. I want to see like whether I can use Json or extreme
Krish Naik: I'm telling. You know you have to take this content. And you have to start thinking like how you can remove this. You have to write a custom code.
Viswanathan Ganesan: Okay.
Viswanathan Ganesan: so this is the same thing we thought like, this is the same thing which I copied from the same Portland yesterday. That's what I'm wondering if you make any change to the code.
Krish Naik: Just a second.
Krish Naik: This should be your output, because here you have applied pyrentic.
Krish Naik: Just a second object is built in choke.
Sunny Savita: Actually, you can write a Regex and using the Regex only we can. Remove this thing. Okay, so manually, you will have to do see this kind of issues I also faced when I was generating output through the
Sunny Savita: this one chat. Gpt. Sorry this. Gpt. Api right open air. Api. So better if we can manually pass that particular output, generated the even the markdown as well as this thing. And all okay.
Viswanathan Ganesan: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So just a second. I'm giving you this code.
Viswanathan Ganesan: Need to the.
Sunny Savita: So manually sometime. Now we have to inspect that output the generated output. Okay, so
Sunny Savita: see, probably it will work, or you can check out that
Sunny Savita: because I already written a code I'm not able to find out as of now. Right, let me.
Sunny Savita: This will work.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So import. Re, then write this, clean, this variable, and then pass your data to this this one.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so to this re itself.
Sunny Savita: you, you have to see to this re dot substitute. Now you, you have this particular pattern, so it will remove this thing from here. Pass your text over here. The response, okay, then you will get the clean.
Sunny Savita: So I I shared in the chat itself. You could copy from it. Yeah.
Viswanathan Ganesan: Okay. I'll introduce you to.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Please try it out. Okay, it will work.
Raja Rajeshwari: Hi! Sunny?
Raja Rajeshwari: Is it audible?
Sunny Savita: Just a second. Who is asking a question? Rajeshwari, right.
Raja Rajeshwari: Okay, so we are designing.
Raja Rajeshwari: Yeah, we are designing a Chatbot in the innate and platform. So where a user can inquiry about anything data in the Csv format. So the Csv data format that is stored in the poster sequence of the super base.
Raja Rajeshwari: Okay, so what is the thing is before how we have structured the conversations like initially what we will do, we will collect the user information like, email, id phone number and other thing, and then we will validate it, and then we are storing it in a table or form of our database. Okay, the but in order to store it in a database? Should I convert it to the Json format and then store it, or directly, can I store it in the
Raja Rajeshwari: doubler format.
Sunny Savita: Which database you are using.
Raja Rajeshwari: Super, base.
Sunny Savita: Sorry board, base.
Raja Rajeshwari: Super base, superb, is.
Sunny Savita: Super base. Okay, so.
Raja Rajeshwari: So what?
Sunny Savita: So what's just what's just.
Raja Rajeshwari: Because, yeah, yeah, you will have to check with that database. Right? What kind of a schema? Okay?
Raja Rajeshwari: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Like. In which schema you are going. You can store the data over there. Right? Let's say I can give you a couple of example, when we are working with the Mongodb, we store it to the Json object, right? When we work with the red is key value here. Okay, when we work with any SQL based database table, right? So you will have to check with the respective schema.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Raja Rajeshwari: Okay, it is saying, like, we have to say it in a Json format. Only. So we did it. And then we saved it. Okay, so the next, what is happening if the any user comes and inquiry about the information about the Csv file, whatever we have stored it, it is able to retrieve it, but I am not able to see it in a chat. Ua. I'm able to see it only in the log. It is retrieving. Everything is proper, but I'm not able to see it in a chat. Ua.
Sunny Savita: In the chat where.
Raja Rajeshwari: Innate and innate, and Chat Ua is there right there? I'm not unable to get.
Sunny Savita: There would be any code code mistake if you're not able to see that. No right? If it is logging your data into the log means the data
Sunny Savita: it. But if it is not showing over the chat ui, right, there will be some malfunction in the code itself. Okay, if you are like. If you're comfortable to show me your code, I can look into that as of now. Okay, otherwise, just debug your code. Why, it is not populating over there.
Raja Rajeshwari: It is done in. My developer has developed actually, today is unwell. Tomorrow, next, he's also taking the same course. I'll ask him tomorrow to share his screen and get it. Let it get let him get it clarified right.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so.
Raja Rajeshwari: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. So I gotta watch smoke.
Sunny Savita: Hello, Sagar Sagar, kalyan guys, anyone is there? Please go ahead.
Sagar: Am I audible? Sorry?
Sunny Savita: Yes, Ogar, you are audible. Please go ahead.
Sagar: So I just need your help for the Groc Api connection. It's showing some error.
Sagar: So should I share my screen.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can share the screenshot. I'm promoting a panelist. Okay?
Sagar: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Deepu paramg guys, anyone having any doubt, any buggy question you can ask me.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Yeah. Kalyan. Here.
Sunny Savita: Yeah kalean, please.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Right? I'm having the same issue as the tracing. Actually,
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: I did. I did go through the steps that was taught in the class in defining the environment and then creating it, creating the project in the lang chain and then trying to trace it right? So I don't see, the project is created in the lang chain, neither
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: the traces, so I don't know where I'm going.
Sunny Savita: Show me. Show me share the screen. I'll check. Okay.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Please share your screen, Sagar.
Sagar: Yes.
Sagar: Is it visible?
Sunny Savita: No, it is not visible. Now see, Kalyan, please wait. Okay, let's Sagar share. Then you can share. Okay.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Okay? Bye.
Sagar: Is it feasible, sunny.
Sunny Savita: It's coming.
Sunny Savita: Still it is not visible. Wait!
Sunny Savita: I think your Internet is slow. Now it is visible.
Sagar: Yeah.
Sagar: So this error, I am getting over here for Brock.
Sunny Savita: What is error? Go pick to a lot of connection. Error it it's all office laptop.
Sagar: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Again, sir. The same thing. Same mistake. You are not able to hit that server only.
Sagar: Actually, is it because of some firewall issue, or what.
Sunny Savita: Yeah in office system. Always, we have some restrictions correct.
Sunny Savita: So we cannot hold any server over the Internet because of the security issues. So just check out the admin.
Sunny Savita: Ask them to allow it. Okay? Or else I given you the alternative of it. You can go and check with the collapse.
Sagar: Fine. Okay. Okay.
Sunny Savita: If you are able to accept it over the collab, do it over there, otherwise.
Sunny Savita: practice it in your local system. You just required a very like very few configuration for running this thing. Okay.
Sagar: Sure, sure, sunny.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sagar: Sure, sir, I will try that. Thanks, thanks.
Sagar: Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Kalyan, what's your doubt now? You can share.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Yeah.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: So I'm sharing my screen.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: make it bigger. Yeah.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: So this is what I've done right find all the environments. And then.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: I've also done the next step of calling the Llm. And stuff. But then I don't see that project is getting created
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: there.
Sunny Savita: You, I think, your resolution is very high, so I cannot see your project proper. Can you zoom little bit.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Oh, sure!
Sunny Savita: Are you using monitor.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Yeah, I'm using Monitor. Maybe I'll put it here just a moment.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: I will stop, share and share it again.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Keep it on a smaller screen. Okay.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Yeah.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Is it fine? Now.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it's fine. Now.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Right? Okay? So yeah, so that's
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: You can see what I've done. Right? The steps. I'm just defining the environment
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: and then trying to check whether the the
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: the variable is appropriate as well. So that's fine. But then it it doesn't create the project in the blank chain.
Sunny Savita: Okay, give me your access.
Sunny Savita: Oh, I cannot access your screen. Okay, do one thing. Check whether this key is getting collected or not just print this OS dot guide lunch, and Api key.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Where is dot?
Sunny Savita: Go OS dot get env right.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Between me, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, and parcel engine. Api key press, tab, tab, tab.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Now print it.
Sunny Savita: Arrive into the print method.
Sunny Savita: Write that in also know that only know into the print method, then only it will print.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: You're saying, write it into print method.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Should I put it in a variable and print it.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, in print method. Put it into the into the parenthesis. Okay, cut it. Do right? Like this.
Sunny Savita: Now, Rodent.
Sunny Savita: just check with your Api key, whether it is correct or not, or 3, 2, 1, 3.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Yes.
Sunny Savita: 2, 1 3 open oenv dot env.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Okay.
Sunny Savita: 2, 1, 3. Okay. Now open your this one luncheon.
Sunny Savita: Langsmith.
Sunny Savita: Langsmith. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Whom you're repeating.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Oh, where should I be able to see it? Is it?
Sunny Savita: Api key would be there. No right?
Sunny Savita: Only Api Key will get that
Sunny Savita: right directly with your key.
Sunny Savita: Open the project, otherwise.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Yeah.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: But this is Default project. That's not the project right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Default project is also fine. See? Sample agent race. Okay.
Sunny Savita: directly. Write the Api key Linkchain Api key. Okay, you will get that in the browser. Write that.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Here? Is it.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Lengthen it takes.
Sridhar_Nalla: Go to settings and find Api Key.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, right? Right? No worries. Okay.
Sunny Savita: yeah. You are. You already have account. Now, just click on this 1st URL itself.
Sunny Savita: just down here.
Sunny Savita: Api, key, right hand side. See this one? Yeah, click on it.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Yeah, I clicked on, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Create an Api key. Go ahead with this one
Sunny Savita: check, do we? Do you have any of any as of now or not? The writer description, any description created, or automatically, it will show you all the one whatever is there? Okay.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Okay, it doesn't give me. I did create the Apa key before, but then I don't know why. Now it doesn't.
Sunny Savita: Are you operating with the same account.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Yeah, yeah, yeah, this is, I don't know.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: This is just a instruction thing. I do. I don't think so. I'll be able to
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: enable this form here.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: So it's just a how to do. Guide.
Sunny Savita: Create Api keys also. Okay, just click on this, create one, the this blue one. It is not coming right.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Yeah, yeah, it's not coming. Basically, this is just a picture that.
Sunny Savita: You are saying. It's a documentation.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Yeah, okay, I thought I was there.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: So this is my account. I see this is my personal account. Yes, and.
Sunny Savita: I have our account now, right? Just a second, I think. Now you need to.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: See here, my account is here.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: That's my account.
Sunny Savita: Wait. I'm giving you the way how you can do it. Okay.
Sunny Savita: you have created it already. No.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Like was Krish, was showing some tutorials in terms of
Krish Naik: Just a second. Just show me the project once the implementation. Once go to this.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Vs code, is it.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Yeah. Vs, code.
Krish Naik: Okay, just go to the env. Sorry. Go to the top code where you're importing all the you're setting all the environments. So wait. Wait. Wait. Yeah. Just make it a small true, not capital. T
Krish Naik: luncheon.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Okay, restart the kernel. Save the files. Restart the kernel once again, and just try once again.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: It's restarting.
Krish Naik: How much time and to get the environment variable. Now go to your browser. Sorry that Langchain Api key. Go to the browser once again.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Yep.
Krish Naik: So in the browser you have the settings now see on the left hand side left that. So here you can create your Api key. Okay?
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Okay, go to the Vs code once.
Krish Naik: Okay, execute. Now.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Right? So that's done. Yeah.
Krish Naik: Execute. Yeah, then, execute further code. Yeah, execute this, not after executing this just check, whether.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Now you'll be able to see the track or not once this executes. Yeah, okay.
Krish Naik: Yeah, execute this. What is the line chain? Execute the next code? No. 1st of all.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Okay.
Krish Naik: This one right in book.
Krish Naik: it will get executed. Now you go over there to the browser.
Krish Naik: Hmm!
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Right, yeah.
Krish Naik: Now go to back. Click on back on the top back. Yeah.
Krish Naik: Oh.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: To reload this. Yeah, you can.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Didn't know. Yeah.
Krish Naik: Sunny country.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Okay, yeah, thank you.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Thank you, Krish.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So Kalyan is done. Now, deepu deepu paramjeep guys, anyone having any doubt, please go ahead.
Paramjit Singh: Yeah, I I have. Paramjeet.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, please.
Paramjit Singh: Yeah, thank you very much for spending so much time in clearing the doubts of everyone. Also. I have 2 questions one is like for asking the question. Raising the hand is the right way, or is there any other way we need to do.
Sunny Savita: For live question answering, you can raise your hand. Okay. After the session. You can talk with us otherwise in the class, right? While we are teaching, you can write your question in the chat itself.
Paramjit Singh: Okay? Fine. So I have 2 questions. One is that when? Regarding the assignment
Paramjit Singh: so is it okay to use, chat, chat, prompt, template with the prompt template combined.
Paramjit Singh: I guess.
Sunny Savita: No, actually, there's a difference between that. So what you can do, you see, if you want to be, pass the multiple messages.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you can use the chat from template multiple messages in the sense you can pass the
Sunny Savita: AI message. Human message. Okay, you can pass the system message. So for that. The chat from template have been designed to pass the message as a list and prompt template. Only give the single message.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so that's a basic difference between that you can explore on your own level. Okay, and utilize both. Got it.
Paramjit Singh: But utilize, they can utilize in the same. Can I share my screen.
Sunny Savita: There's no requirement. Only. Okay. So if you want that now, just a second, I can show you I had that code.
Sunny Savita: It will remove your confusion right.
Paramjit Singh: Like. I'm also sending the code in the chat, the one which I'm talking which I built for the assignment.
Paramjit Singh: So only thing I want. I mean it. It is working. But I wanted to make sure. That is it the right way to do, or it is just working.
Sunny Savita: Show me the code. What you have written.
Paramjit Singh: So I have given in the chat. If you can give me permission to share the screen.
Sunny Savita: Oh, Paramji, yeah, you can even share the screen. Okay, I'm already with a panelist.
Paramjit Singh: Okay, here. So yeah, I understood the part about chat template like we can give
Paramjit Singh: so I wanted to make sure that I am able to pass the format.
Paramjit Singh: and as looking at the example during our session, that this is like one of the way to pass format where I'm able to pass partial variables and put variables. But then, for this one I had to create a prompt use, a prompt template, and then for pass this prompt template to the.
Paramjit Singh: to the chat template. So is that a okay or okay.
Sunny Savita: It's also okay. Yeah, it's also fine. What you are doing over here. Tell me so. You are just passing this one now, human message. Only now.
Paramjit Singh: Right, right.
Sunny Savita: It allowed to you means either you can pass as a system from template, or you can pass as a human message that that is also fine.
Paramjit Singh: Okay, okay, this is good. And second question I had was, although we will cover a topic later about embeddings. But when using in similarity, right?
Sunny Savita: When will sorry.
Paramjit Singh: And using cosine similarity to find the bend, like, what are the optimal values to put the filters?
Paramjit Singh: Because because I'm getting.
Sunny Savita: These are multiple metrics for checking the similarity.
Paramjit Singh: Right.
Sunny Savita: First, st you can utilize a distance. Second, you can use utilize a dot product, 3, rd cosine similarity. 4th jacket. Similarity. Okay.
Paramjit Singh: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: So, which one is a more reliable. So, according to my experience, what I have felt cosine similarity is a good one.
Sunny Savita: because it gives you the
Sunny Savita: the basically angle right? How 2 vectors apart to each other in the one space in 2D. Space or 3D. Space
Sunny Savita: right? So
Sunny Savita: that is also one of the option you can check out with the L. 2. I've seen people are using L. 2 and cosine. This both altered right? So just make your experiment around to this one, and these are 4 to 5 metrics. You can easily test it out.
Paramjit Singh: Okay. But in cosine similarity, my question was like, What is optimal value within cosine cosine similarity? To put.
Sunny Savita: I think you will get it is a normalized one, so you will get below 2, 1, 0 2, 1 only.
Paramjit Singh: 0 to one right? So kind of point 6.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Paramjit Singh: So that optimal, like point 6.7, that will be the optimal
Sunny Savita: Yeah, right? Means more near to this. One only means it is having a higher similarity between 2 vectors. Okay.
Paramjit Singh: Okay, okay, yeah, that. Thank you. That's it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, give me a second guys.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
Sunny Savita: So now anyone else, Surubi, what's your doubt? Sorry, Saurabh Saurab, is there? Sahil, is there? Randall is there? Right? So, guys, anyone is having any doubt. Please go ahead.
Saurabh Verma: This earlier, and I can measure towards the last student.
Saurabh Verma: And
Saurabh Verma: because my question is very silly and simple related to more python. So actually, I'm learning python also in parallel. What is happening is
Saurabh Verma: I'm doing. I'm in pre sales, and I have to do some quick Pocs. So now there's a stepper step, one step, 2 step, 3 step 4. Okay. Now, at each step there is a good amount of code that is to be executed. So I was able to. Do step one step, 2 code. Okay, I use streamlet. And you know, python
Saurabh Verma: so that quickly, I can do a Poc. But now what happens is, if I do all the steps in one code it becomes bulky right.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Saurabh Verma: I take help from the other tools also, like cloud, and all of that. So the suggestive approach is that you know each class is called in a rapper class, or a master class
Saurabh Verma: like how I've been doing in Java. So in Python, if we have to do it this way, then what is the approach? Is it covered in the python class given by Chris? Or if you can share over here that sort of all these steps. Individual steps. You have individual python files. Now create one more top level python file in which you can call this. And then, you know, integrate.
Saurabh Verma: So just wanted to know your.
Sunny Savita: This is called a modular coding modular coding. Exactly.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. So how you can do that you will have to learn about the classes.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Saurabh Verma: This I know. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, that is called the low level architectural design of your code. There is a different, another pattern also. Okay, so do one thing pick up any end to end project. Okay.
Saurabh Verma: No.
Sunny Savita: Even we are going to teach you that, or else pick up any project.
Saurabh Verma: I want to join that course when you are going to teach that which one, this one which you mentioned, modular classes.
Sunny Savita: Model coding now. So in this course itself, it will come while we teach you the project and all, okay.
Sunny Savita: yeah. So you can pick up any end to end code. You can take a reference of it. And you can design your own code. That is a 1 way. Okay, just check out within a github you can check. Out with my Github, you increase our github. There are so many end to end project.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Right?
Saurabh Verma: Okay.
Sunny Savita: You can take an inspiration from there. You can create one master file and then all the rest file function classes
Sunny Savita: easily, like you can do it even. I will give you the best suggestion you can check out with the chat. Gpt also. Okay? Or with other Llm. Based this chat, bot! They will.
Krish Naik: We'll do this kind of projects end to end projects. Also, we'll do in lang graph. We'll do it completely modular. You'll be seeing how we'll be developing the classes, each and everything. Okay, don't worry.
Saurabh Verma: Okay. Okay.
Krish Naik: Initially, we'll go with Jupyter notebook. But we will build on top of that, and we will build end to end projects. Okay.
Saurabh Verma: Yeah, actually, on Wednesday I have to give a demo, and I was able to successfully do till Step 4. Now the code has become bulky, so I was just figuring out.
Krish Naik: Yeah, just give that code right now, for you know, so best way is that I try to give you a code to chat. Gpt. Automatically. It will make the modular coding.
Saurabh Verma: Actually what is happening. I I did that and the message length. You know, it cross crosses. So I keep waiting. So I I knew that there's a better way to do. But I get your point, Krish. I keep patience and wait for.
Sunny Savita: Even pre one. Actually, you cannot put like lots of code. There.
Saurabh Verma: I paid for Cloudy. I've paid for Cloudy the paid version $20 per month, but still the message limit crosses. So the code has actually become bulky.
Krish Naik: Okay, do one thing. No. Do one thing download the cursor. Id, okay.
Krish Naik: you try to perform wipe coding.
Krish Naik: Just tell them, provide the context of the code to the cloudy agent. And it will be able to do it for you.
Saurabh Verma: So cursor! Id I do.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Yeah. Cursor. Id, yeah, and open that project over there.
Saurabh Verma: Okay.
Krish Naik: Continue Sunny. Please.
Saurabh Verma: And one last question, sir, for the quick Pocs. And you know, maybe the code can be reused. What is the best approach for machine learning type of project like using fast Api, and can I use react Js as a front end, or it should be. It's better, is complete. Python stack like using flask with fast Api any suggestion, because.
Sunny Savita: Production grade C, 4. Production grid project, always typescript means that this Javascript based framework. Okay? Even for the Us.
Saurabh Verma: Fast. Api would be the best.
Sunny Savita: React. And fast. Api, you can even integrate with the type script also. Okay, that is also fine.
Saurabh Verma: Thank thank you, that's all for now.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Saurabh Verma: Hey!
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Deepo. Sorry, sahil. Please go ahead with the doubt.
Sahil Sareen: so I need a solution from you. Like, I need to use few embedding models. As you have suggested. The last time I've seen the Mtv. Leaderboards of hugging face that gives the ranking of the server
Sahil Sareen: embedding models.
Sahil Sareen: But through Infinite's Api I wasn't able to access this. I'm not able to access them properly. I don't know why I'm getting an issue. Is there any method like.
Sahil Sareen: Can I like use it locally, or any other thing.
Sunny Savita: Model, only now right.
Sahil Sareen: Yeah. Embedding units.
Sunny Savita: There is a way what you can do now from from the hugging face itself. Just find just check with the hugging face hugging face snapshot.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So what it will do it will allow to you download any model in your local itself. You can keep it as a physical file, and then later on, you can load it anytime.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sahil Sareen: Okay, and what about the
Sunny Savita: Cliff.
Sahil Sareen: Latency and response of these models. It depends on.
Sunny Savita: Depends on the system configuration. Let's say, if you have a good RAM in your system, at least 24 Gb. Or 32 Gb, in that case it's not going to be lag.
Sunny Savita: Okay, if the model size around 2 to 4. Gb.
Sunny Savita: okay. But if it is more than that, in that case it might lie
Sunny Savita: so you'd be quite a good configuration. Also got it.
Sahil Sareen: And one more question. This is apart from the course. Yesterday I've been watching the release of Sonet 4 and Opus 4 from anthropic.
Sahil Sareen: So like I was. It's really fascinating and scary to watch this growth of air like, where where are they heading to like?
Sahil Sareen: I'm just
Sunny Savita: Model wiser. There are so many. The model will come, the tools will come. Framework will come. Okay. You just need to be stick with your fundamental basics like you know how to use. Llm.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no
Sunny Savita: means. You know how to configure the link chain, how to read any model. So if you are going to read a model from the cloud, A, or open AI, or from anywhere else.
Sunny Savita: there is no matter. Right means it's just a single piece of line of changes you you need to make over there and read the model. That's why the centric framework have been created so that you can test with the more and more models, and the Apis and all directly
Sunny Savita: got it.
Sahil Sareen: The
Sunny Savita: Learn like chain. Learn this other framework also.
Sunny Savita: Right? It will. Like, you can create one central kind of application where, with a single line of changes. You can adapt those changes inside of recent application. Got it.
Sahil Sareen: So I've seen this thing like the user perspective side of use user perspective in in the sense making applications through, Api is a lot easier than creating the models, because I was in a hackathon for creating a conditional gan
Sahil Sareen: for creating data. So I have gone through 4 or 5 research papers, and still I wasn't able to create models so like, is there any course you would recommend to create proper models of fine tune them and all that
Sahil Sareen: on the bill.
Sunny Savita: Llm. Models. Llm. Models. Only you are asking right?
Sahil Sareen: Yeah, yeah, I'm asking, yeah, it's little complex, right? Because user perspective, it's a lot easier than build a perspective.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, the
Sunny Savita: that's what I'm saying. See? Fine tuning and all. That's not a part of the discourse. But in future.
Sahil Sareen: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: We are going to. Yeah, if we are going to basically launch any course right regarding the Nlp, or even dedicated for the fine tuning. You will get the entire fine tuning Llm. Creation and all from scratch, transformer coding. Everything from there over there. Okay, so you will get us some complete detail how to how. Basically, we can build Llm. From scratch, how we can fine tune it, the different different framework and all in some other course in an event sorry in an Nlp course or in dedicated fine tuning course, for sure will come up.
Sunny Savita: sounded.
Sahil Sareen: Okay. Okay.
Sunny Savita: No.
Sahil Sareen: Yeah. So thanks a lot. I have been referring to your Youtube videos, too. That's very good. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Patrick.
Sunny Savita: Okay, sahil is done now. Deep. Any doubt Randall. Any doubt. Guys, please go ahead with the doubts.
Sunny Savita: Anyone is there because I can see 4 to 5 people are having access. So please go ahead with the doubt guys, you can feel free to ask anything
Sunny Savita: relate to the class or anything.
Sunny Savita: sir, need your help in Api key setting? Yes, you can share the screen than I'm adding in a panelist, Okay.
tanmoy: Yeah, yeah.
Saurabh Verma: Danny. Sorry.
Saurabh Verma: I think this is soram. Here again, Chris, and I think you mentioned to use cursor id right in our office. We are using Windsor, so can I do the same thing with Windsor, or I should I should take cursor only.
Sunny Savita: No, you can do it with Windsorp also. Yeah.
Saurabh Verma: Great, great. Thank you.
tanmoy: There you go.
tanmoy: Can you hear? Available now?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, what's your doubt? And please, a bit louder, because your voice is not clear. Actually.
tanmoy: Yeah, actually, I'm traveling. So I'm very fortunate that I'm able to do the class. That's okay. But now you can hear me. Right? So what is the issue? Now that actually I didn't happen to, I was not able to confirm.
tanmoy: So here I like, I was getting the like error. So I I want to know that this is a
tanmoy: because the environment like I think supposed to not to have that acip. But I changed when I checked in the environment.
tanmoy: But in the environment, the these are there.
Sunny Savita: What is the issue you are facing here.
tanmoy: Sending like it's still expected on site.
Sunny Savita: Check. Out with your dot envy. Now, whether the key is there or not. Open your dot. Envy.
tanmoy: Yeah, yeah, he's it.
Sunny Savita: No where you kept it where you kept this dot envy file click on this practice.
Sunny Savita: See you, cap in different folder.
Sunny Savita: Just click on this practice. One more time. Click on it.
Sunny Savita: It is over here. Now, inside this practice, and where you are executing this particular file.
tanmoy: Great.
tanmoy: Okay. I thought you said it was permanent.
Sunny Savita: Can you give me a second? I'm coming back just a second.
tanmoy: Not working with
tanmoy: for home chat, or
tanmoy: sure.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Sorry. Tanma, yeah, please. See, I think you have a misplace your file. IP file. And because of that, only you are facing this issue. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So just keep the Emb file over there and try to reload it, do it. And 1st of all save save it save it also, just click on this file and keep it on auto, save, okay.
tanmoy: Yeah, absolutely.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Now reload it again. After restarting your kernel.
tanmoy: Do we like that? Info?
tanmoy: It's not.
tanmoy: Let's talk. There you go, perfect! No.
tanmoy: no.
Sunny Savita: Execute this file and close rest of the file. It is not required. Now recall, open only that file whatever you are executing. Just click on this close. All okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, this file you are executing right? This getting.
tanmoy: We're not.
Sunny Savita: With Langchen. Correct.
Sunny Savita: So this is done. Restarting is fine. Let me do it.
Sunny Savita: Now. Executed again. Okay.
tanmoy: Excellent conference.
tanmoy: How do you have it?
tanmoy: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, run it. Now.
tanmoy: Yeah, it got resolved.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
tanmoy: Okay. Fine.
Sunny Savita: Just execute it and check whether you are generating output or not. Okay.
Sunny Savita: okay, than me is done now, anyone else having any doubt, so I can see.
Sunny Savita: Good job.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Santosh, tell me, what's it out.
santosh: See? When you're using multiple Apis different prompts, we are writing right in practical, real time scenario. How do we need to manage this prompts. Do we need to keep it in dB. Separately?
Sunny Savita: You can keep it in a local folder structure itself. You can create one dictionary. Okay, there, you can capture it. You can capture in Json itself. Okay, no need to put it anywhere else, because, you are going to read it inside a code itself. Right? So make it a separate config file and keep it your entire prompt over there.
santosh: Okay? And also one more point when we are using multiple Apis multiple, the prompt would be different for different Apis, right? How can we manage that?
Sunny Savita: Prompt will different for different Api means sorry.
santosh: I mean the way that see, for simple things are okay, like, you know, tell a joke or this thing it will be same. But when we need to get a structured output, or the way that we are getting it from Pdf, we are reading something, and we need some output. So the way that we write it for Openai, and the way that we write it for Gork or some other Apas would be different. Right? So how can we differentiate it?
Sunny Savita: So what you can do. Now see? While you are creating a prompt library.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's say some configuration. Just the key name. Let's say, you have written v. 1, so that v, 1 prompt is being used for any different task. V. 2. Prompt, for it is being used for any different task. Okay, so along with the prompt, you can provide one key name and behalf on that key, you can read the appropriate, prompt, got it.
santosh: Okay. So you mean to say, better to maintain dictionary of prompt with the Apa name. Also kind of.
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, yes, right.
Sunny Savita: So we'll we'll talk about it while we'll do the project and all. Okay. So we'll create a separate, prompt library for every sort of a project.
Sunny Savita: Sure. Okay, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Pooja, what's your doubt? Please go ahead.
Puja Sarkar: Am I audible?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you are audible.
Puja Sarkar: Okay, so this is not regarding today's class. Actually, so I have 10 years of working experience. And I'm currently working as a data analyst.
Puja Sarkar: And I want to switch my career completely to data science. And the current course is about. So my my issue, my problem is, I've started learning nlp, deep learning from Krish, channel and everything.
Puja Sarkar: What should be the suggested path after doing this course, because, considering so many new technologies and so many new things are coming up. If you can help me guide into this path, it would be really helpful. I have delivered a baby. He's 7 months now, and I'm really confused on how should the path be?
Sunny Savita: So see you already know the machine learning. And all right.
Puja Sarkar: Yes.
Sunny Savita: I,
Sunny Savita: you are into the agent. AI, so I would suggest you try to cover up the AI complete AI stack.
Puja Sarkar: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Their rag also should be there. Agent AI also should be there, which you are already learning.
Sunny Savita: Then the deployment strategy also should be there. Okay, and fine tuning the the Llm architectures and all. Okay, if you know this much of thing. In that case, your AI concept is pretty much good means. You are eligible to design any sort of AI develop any application. Okay? And you are eligible to do any sort of application. Got it so.
Puja Sarkar: Okay. Good.
Sunny Savita: Not only this adject AI learn about the rag. Okay, learn about the basically fine tuning mechanism, different different mechanism and all. If any new framework is coming. Try to understand that whether it is a useful or not. Let's say the one of the famous infamous concept, the Ncp. Mcp. Concept. Okay, how you can integrate that into your application, how you can make it smooth your application, the development, and all
Sunny Savita: you need to figure out those things. So 1st learn all those things, and then on top of it, you have to build the application. That's it.
Puja Sarkar: Oh, okay, based on the knowledge that I have, and with the course completion, I believe. What you mentioned, the AI stack will be complete right as of now. So
Sunny Savita: This course is more prone to the agent. AI. So regarding the agent, AI, you will get understand everything. But again, as Sir mentioned, rag is one of the important part. Okay? So maybe for the rag, you will find out some other course or some other resources. And all okay.
Sunny Savita: fine tuning again it one of the very important chapter. So for that, the again different course. Or maybe we'll create one single course there you will get the entire thing at a single place itself. But in this one you will get a knowledge around the agentic framework only got it.
Puja Sarkar: Okay, okay, okay, alright. And in this course will there be any kind of support on the resumes
Sunny Savita: Resume for sure. See? We'll once we'll complete the project. Only now we'll talk about the resume.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so how to mention those projects and all inside the resume after right after the project itself. We'll discuss that.
Puja Sarkar: Okay. Thank you.
Vijay: Small suggestion, Pooja. Sorry to cut you Sunny. The thing is like you need to demonstrate in your current project. Say that you have experience in whatever the areas that you are learning here. And then you can slowly push yourself to the new areas. Right? That's a 1 way, learning and gaining experience will take a time. Show some demonstration to your current project.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, for sure. See if you are going to apply for any job regarding the journey, mention those projects, because, at the 1st place, whoever is selecting your resume, they will look into your resume. Okay, means the project section and all that skill section.
Puja Sarkar: Alright! Alright! Thank you. Thank you so much.
Sunny Savita: Thank you. Buddha.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Pooja is done. Now.
Sunny Savita: next one. Anyone having any doubt guys, I can see few hands are still raised. And if anyone having any question feel free to ask
Sunny Savita: need help with the Api key setting than me, I think we solved your issue now, right? Any any more issue you are facing.
Sunny Savita: Turn me.
tanmoy: You know.
Sunny Savita: Sorry.
tanmoy: That's true.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Tanma is not having any doubt now, anyone else guys. Otherwise we'll close the session if you don't have any doubt.
santosh: 1 point. When you explain to Pooja, you need to know the full stack to explain right in the full stack. Yes, we know the you know, Llm. Ops part and agent part and normal machine learning part, do we need to know the front end part also as a full stack
santosh: front end. It's a work of the front end engineer I haven't seen like someone is developing. A AI developer is developing a front end. Okay.
santosh: a full stack engineer means what you know, what else we need to know. That's what
Sunny Savita: AI holistic engineer means you should have knowledge of the complete AI technology means
Sunny Savita: fine tuning rag. Llm. Ops deep learning as well, because if you will go in an interview, they will ask you the question from the deep learning. Also.
Sunny Savita: okay, basic knowledge of the machine learning and the statistic. Just to understand some data, the analytics and all right. And then the cloud native technology. So if you are working with the Aws, so what ecosystem aws is providing for that. For supporting the AI application. You should be aware about that. Okay, so solution, architect level of thing.
Sunny Savita: right? So AI related technologies and the the frameworks right and the core concept of it. And then the cloud native technology related to the AI. That's it that comes inside the complete AI Stack got it.
santosh: Sure. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So Santos is also done. Now
Sunny Savita: Shiva Yogi Shiva Yogi was a doubt, and.
vigneshwaran: Can you hear me?
Shivayogi: Hi, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Vignesh, you can go after this. Hivayagi. Okay, yeah. Please go ahead.
Shivayogi: I heard that there are some Llm. Ops new course. Is it coming somewhere? I mean, I did not see any link to that anywhere.
Sunny Savita: Link wise. I think we have not published yet, means we have published the course you can check out with the platform itself. You want the link right now, I can give it to you. But okay.
Shivayogi: Yeah, thank, you.
Sunny Savita: I am pasting that in the chat itself.
Shivayogi: Thank you. Thank you so much.
vigneshwaran: Oh, hi, sir! Can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I shared the link in the chat. You can check out now.
Shivayogi: Thank you. Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Okay, thank you. Now. The next out. Yes, Vignesh, please go ahead.
vigneshwaran: So I was recently working on a project
vigneshwaran: in the requirements dot txt. I have only 11 files, sir. It is working fine, but when I try to run, the paper is command. It is showing like 250 packages. It is showing.
Sunny Savita: These are some supportive additional packages. So if you are going to install any one library now, so all the supportive libraries also getting installed.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
vigneshwaran: Yes, sir.
Sunny Savita: Means. Let's say you install the pandas. So along with the pandas, you will see Numpy is also getting installed.
Sunny Savita: Okay, or some other supporting library. So while they are building a package now, so they are. They are keeping some supporting library also over there. Even you can build your own package. We'll see in future, while we are creating a end to end project how you can keep those supporting library there. So what you can do. You can just look into the specific version, or you can write this Pip, show command, Pip, show package name. You will get the specific version of the of your own, of your package. Only whatever you mention inside the recon dot txt. Okay.
vigneshwaran: Is, it means that we should meet manually at all all the packages in the requirement.
Sunny Savita: No, no, don't include all the packages whatever have been. Whatever you can see over the console itself. Okay.
vigneshwaran: Yes, sir, I mean we should manually add, or.
Sunny Savita: Manually, you can add the module.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
vigneshwaran: Okay.
Sunny Savita: You see, I seen this issue in my one of the project where I was working. So my manager asked to me, okay, can you give me the record of txt there? I just write written the paper list. I given the entire version whatever version was there. So
Sunny Savita: other than my home.
Sunny Savita: You cannot do like this. Okay, you will have to mention a specific version of the mention mentioned model. Only so do it manually.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's see, if you have.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, 10 to 15 packages. Write those version, got it.
vigneshwaran: Yeah. Okay. Okay, sir. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, begin. Issue is done now, or anyone guys. Otherwise we'll close the session.
Sunny Savita: Oh, so, sir, are you there?
Sunny Savita: Yes, Sunny? Yes, sunny.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. So sir, I think no one is having any doubt. I think we can close.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, we can close the session. So thank you. Guys, we'll see you all in the next weekend session. Thank you. Everyone. Thank you so much.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Thank you. Guys, bye-bye. Take care. Yeah, thank you.